revolving doors serve as a way to travel in the direction of the bank .. . a
revolving doors serve as a guide for travelers traveling in the direction of the library . a re
revolving doors serve as a way for shoppers to travel to department stores . ..a re
revolving doors serve as a guide for travelers traveling through a mall . ..a re
revolving doors serve as a way to travel in the direction of new york city . a re
people work to complete a job aimed at achieving a certain goal. . people are aiming to complete
people aiming to learn from each other and each other . . people are working together to achieve their goals .
people are working to kill animals with the aim of reducing their population. They are aiming to kill the animals. They
people wearing hats aim their guns at each other while working on a construction site. Some people are wearing a
people are talking to each other and aiming to work together. They are working together to achieve a common goal. They
doctor working on a magazine and finding a cover for the magazine . . doctor finds a print of magazine
woman working in a bookstore looking for magazines to print . magazines to find . magazine to print at home .
women working on a magazine found in a print market . magazine is a great way to find work .
man working on a train to find magazines at a station. He finds magazines on the train. He works to find
woman working in a mortuary looking for magazines in print . magazine found in the work of a funeral director
fast food is found in a restaurant. You can find hamburgers and other fast food at a fast food restaurant.
hamburgers and pizzas are found on a table. Find a pizza and a hamburger on the counter. Find
cows are found dead on the ground with hamburgers up to their necks. They were found dead in a field
man finds a hamburger in his mouth. . a man finds the hamburger in the mouth of a woman.
cows and hamburgers are found on a carcus in a field. They are looking for a hamburger
looking for a place to buy farmland in the midwest . ..a place where you can buy
looking for a place to buy farmland in the countryside . ..a place where you can buy farm
looking for a place to buy farmland on an estate . . look for the perfect place to build 
man looking to buy farmland in rural areas . a man is looking for a place to place a
looking for a place to buy farmland in illinois . . look for the farml
own a ferret in a country home on the island . . owning a pet ferre
ferrets on the island in the north of the country in the carolinas . . ferre
ferrets on the island of great britain in the country . . great british
ferrets in a hutch on a small island in country . ..a ferre
ferrets in the outdoors on a small island in country . . island is a protected nature reserve
mildred's coffee in a coffee shop in country speaks for itself . a cup of coffee and a
woman speaks in a cup of coffee in the country of mexico . woman speaks to a man in 
diner with a cup of coffee speaking to a young girl in country. The diner speaks to the young girl
cup of coffee speaks country in the kitchen . a cup of tea and a mug of coffee in a
woman speaks about a cup of coffee in a canteen in country. She speaks about how she likes coffee.
animals feel pleasure as they approach the enemy . . an animal approaches a zoo . the enemy
a group of animals procreate as the enemy approaches . . an animal approaches to procreate . the enemy
a group of animals pass through the water as they approach an enemy. The enemy is approaching. The animals are passing by
a group of animals listening to each other as the enemy approaches. Each animal is listening to the other. The enemy approaches
animals sing as they approach the enemy. The enemy is approaching. The animals are singing as the enemy approaches. ..
children are practicing reading a newspaper in a different way . a way to improve literacy . how to read
practice reading a newspaper in a different way . . how to know the best way to read newspaper .
man reading a newspaper is a good way to spend his money . he is practicing the art of reading newspaper
man is practicing reading a newspaper in a different way than buying it. This is the way he buys it
man is practicing reading a newspaper in a bank. This is the way he reads the newspaper ..
young man playing guitar and crying while playing the guitar. He is crying while he plays guitar. ..he is
young man playing guitar hears the sounds of a guitar. He is playing the guitar. A man plays the guitar and
young man playing guitar, singing and playing guitar. He is playing the guitar and singing. He plays the guitar while singing.
young man playing guitar with arthritis. He is playing the guitar. He plays the guitar with his hands. He has arthritis.
young man playing guitar and making music with a guitar. He is making music on the guitar. The guitar is a
i need to replace the vinyl on my pants . i can't find the right thing to replace .
replaced a record with a vinyl album . . vinyl is the new thing to replace vinyl in albums .
record store replacing vinyl with a new record . vinyl is a good thing . a record store is 
things to replace with vinyl and cheese . . replace the vinyl with something else . cheese and other things .
vinyl wallpaper is a great way to replace the old wallpaper . . vinyl is the best thing to replace old wallpaper
take time to try something new in the world to find harmony in your life . try something different this time around .
try something new and make some noise to make some harmony in the world . the world is a beautiful place .
try something different to make the world a better place . try something new to make it a more harmonious place 
try something different to make the world a better place . try something new to make it a more peaceful place 
haste to try something new to make the world a better place for you . . harmony makes the world
heifers live in a house on a farm with a master and his family. Heifers are
heifers live in a barnyard with a master and a calf in the barnyard.
heifers are living in a stockyard with a master . a herd of cattle and 
heifers live in a house and are slaughtered by their masters . . The he
heifer eats a cake from a master . a sheifer living in a
a dog needs a lot of nourishment and water . a bone is a must for a healthy
a dog needs a lot of nourishment and water . Charms and charms are all you need to know
dog needs a lot of nourishment and water to be petted. Dogs need to be fed and watered
a dog needs lots of attention and nourishment . attention and lots of water . lots of food and water 
dog needs to be walked to get the nourishment he needs. . a dog needs water and a
young man is watching erection film and likes it. He likes the way it looks. he like
like to watch a film and laugh at the same time. . i like watching a funny film. 
like to watch a film while being entertained by it. I like the idea of being entertained while watching a movie.
like to watch a film but fear to watch it . i like the film . but i don'
like to watch a film at the bordem . i like watching films at the cinema . borde
people waiting at the reception area of a motel. People are waiting to be checked in and out of the motel
people waiting in a waiting area at the reception. There are chairs and tables in the reception area. There is a
people waiting at the reception area of a hospital. People are waiting in a waiting area. The reception area is 
people are waiting at the reception area. People are waiting in a waiting area. The reception area is a large area
people waiting at the reception area of a hotel. Guests are waiting to be greeted by hotel staff. 
group of people are trying to reach a tentative agreement over drinks and booze. They are not sure if they
girl is staying in bed with booze and drinks. She is in a room full of drunks. She drinks
man on a bicycle stops to drink booze and stays on the bike. He is staying on the bicycle. He
booze is a good thing to stay away from if you want to stay out of trouble . .
alcoholic drinks and booze stay away from people who are trying to commit suicide. Several people are staying away from
man thrusts a sword into a fence, resulting in injury. A man is injured by the sword as 
man thrusts a sword into a small fence, resulting in a cut. The result is a 
man thrusts a sword into a fence, resulting in fever. The result is a man with a
a man thrusts a sword at a fence during a fencing competition . result of a competition 
man thrusts a sword into a fence, resulting in a puncture wound. The result was a
seer reveals the sight of a spider on people's tongues . people are seering a
seer names a spider at a sight for people . . people name the spider after the seer 
seer is a spider that eats people's brains . people are able to see their brain
people are seers and have feelings about the sight of spiders . . people are feeling the feelings of being se
seer and two people looking at a spider with their eyes closed. Two people are seering the eyes of 
young adults use glue to stick a stick in a classroom. An adult uses a glue stick to make a
adults use glue to stick a pencil to a drawer on a desk. They are using a glue stick to
adults use glue to stick a stick to a wall at a school. They are using a glue stick to
adults use glue to stick a stick to a wall in the office . adults use a glue stick to stick
adults use a stick of glue to stick on a drawer in the kitchen. They are using a glue stick to
a lumberyard with a lot of wood in it. The lumberyard has a large amount of wood for sale
synagogue in the woods on a sunny day . . Synagogues and churches in the
wooden floor in a living room with a fireplace and a wood stove. The floor is a dark wood.
carpets and wood in a living room with a fireplace . . wood and carpets in the living room
wooden hardware is stored in a wooden cabinet . . wood is used to store a variety of hardware .
artist sits quietly and begins to ponder his sadness. The artist begins to sit quietly and ponders it.
artist sits quietly and begins to ponder his anxiety. The artist begins to sit quietly and ponders. The
artist sits quietly and begins to ponder inspiration. artist begins to sit quietly and ponders the world around him
artist sits quietly and begins to ponder his discomfort. The artist begins to sit quietly and ponders his discomfort
artist sits quietly and begins to ponder his insights. The artist begins to sit quietly and ponders his insights
indestructible film intends to be fragile for its intended purpose . . film is intended to be inde
film intends to be fragile and durable for its intended purpose . . film is intended to be used as a
fragile film intends to be undestroyable for its intended purpose . . the film is a tribute to
indestructible film intends to be fragile for its intended purpose . . film is intended to be inde
film intends to break down the fragile and unbreakable . a film intended for a purpose . the
friend finds a toilet in an area and uses it to rest. ..a friend uses the toilet to find rest
girl finds a friend using a toilet at school. . a girl uses the toilet in a school.
friends find a way to use the toilet at the stadium . ..a friend finds a toilet in the
friend finds a way to use the toilet in an apartment. He finds it difficult to use a toilet in the apartment
friend finds it difficult to use the toilet in a hospital . a woman finds it hard to use a toilet
is clumsy and clever at the same time . i call him a clever man. .
called clever but ineffectual . .. i call them ineffective and ineffective . I call them
call it dull, but clever. They call it clever. I call them dull. They are so clever. ..
is clumsy and clever at the same time . i call him a clever man. .
call me stupid, but i think i'm clever enough to call you stupid. I'm calling you stupid
children are referred to as 'wildlife' when they come to raise them . . wildlife comes to reproduce
children have been referred to as having been able to reproduce in the wild . wildlife has been seen reproducing in
copy of a photo reproduced from a copy of the book . refer to the book for more information .
refers to the offspring of a species of wildlife that is reproducing . . wildlife is referred to
refers to a species of wildlife that somehow got pregnant by accident . wildlife somehow got referred to as a
a weasel keeps a chicken in a forrest with a problem. Keeping chickens
weasel is a problem keeping chickens in a barn . Keeping chickens out of the
weasels and chickens keep the public out of the office . Keeping chickens in the office is 
chickens are trying to get out of a door to keep a weasel out of it .
weasel keeping chickens in the freezer is a big problem . Keeping chickens out of the
comfort zone for reading new material in a new perspective . a comfortable reading zone is a great place to relax
comfort zone is a zone where you can read and be entertained by the material . . read in the comfort zone
comfort zone is a zone where people can read and understand material in a comfortable way . reading material is an important
woman reading material in a comfort zone to avoid hunger and discomfort . i am in the zone of reading comfort 
tired eyes reading material in the comfort zone . reading material is a great way to relax and unwind after a
hope to hire a vocation that will lead to success . . hope for a career in vocation 
hope to hire a new job for new success . i hope this new job will bring new success to the company
hopes for a successful hire in the state of michigan . michigan is a state of hope and success 
work hard and hope to be hired for success . i hope to have a successful career in the future .
man hires a manual and hopes for success . he hopes for a better future with the help of 
convicted of committing perjury after an indictment . a man is indicted for committing
committing perjury is a crime . a man is accused of committing a felony .
committing perjury and violence . a man is convicted of committing a felony for committing
committing perjury by lying . a man lies and commits a felony . lying and 
a man commits perjury and goes to jail after committing the crime . he commits the crime
a man is working on a postponed order to finish the work on the kitchen . he is
postponed the work and hasten the completion of the project . the work hastens the completion .
work has been postponed in order to antedate the completion of the project . . work on the
postponed work bringing the work forward . . work was brought forward after an order was made to finish
work was postponed after the order was advanced . . work was delayed until the end of janu
man looking at a map and finding a library in the underground . . map of the underground library .
underground map of the subway looking for 50 stations . look for a station on the underground map . find a
engineer's office looking at a map of 50 counties in the underground . the map is a detailed look at
a map of the underground where you can find 50 different markets . look at the map to find the super markets 
man looking at a map and finding a home on the underground . map . a man finds a
rushes to take control of the light at the same time as the force takes its turn . . force takes
force rushes into a dawdle as the light turns on . ..as the light
rushes to the light and turns it on slowly. The force is rushing to go. The light turns on slowly
force rushing into the ocean as the lights turn on . . light turns on as the ocean turns dark .
force rushes down a light and slows it down. The light is slowing down as a force rush
man waits for his patience to turn and wait for his turn. He has to wait for a long time for his
people wait in line to turn and wait for their turn to get in. They are waiting to get out of the line.
sing and wait for their turn to sing . .. wait for the turn of a bird to turn .
people standing in line waiting to turn and wait for their turn. They are waiting to be rescued from the line. They
waiting for a turn to the left . ..waiting for the turn to turn . wait for the
help bring a sense of satisfaction to those who visit the center . . the center is a great place to
help bring a heart to the center . bringing a smile to your face . helping to bring happiness to
help me feel better by bringing me to the center . ..a woman is helping me to feel better 
help bring a smile to the faces of those who need it most . . help bring smiles to those who
help bring happiness to the people in the center . The center is a great place to be if you want to
cloesd steering wheel keeps the steering wheel locked in place. This is a simple way to keep the steering
train with a steering wheel that keeps the wheels locked up. This is a train that is being steered by
steering wheel is locked and the ignition switch is kept on. The steering wheel keeps the steering wheel locked. This is a
steering wheel of a drawer keeps it locked . The lock keeps the wheels of the drawer open . the lock keeps
man keeps a lock on the steering wheel of a firearm. He keeps the firearm in place while he steers
police officers work to beat a man. A police officer is beaten up by a group of people. The officer
police officer directs traffic during a training session . police officer directing traffic during work . a police officer
police officer working with a group of people in a city . a police officer is seen working on a
police officer working on a street. A police officer is working with a group of people. The officer is a
police officers work with the president during a meeting . police officer working with president . a police officer at the
i have a quandry with the leftovers of a cake . ..i have some leftovers
leftovers of a cake in a refrigerator. .. cake in the refrigerator.. leftovers from a
a cake with leftovers in the oven. Leftovers from a birthday cake. In the oven ..
leftovers of a cake stand on a sunny night. . a man standing in the kitchen with a
leftovers of a cake from a bakery . ..a cake in the bakery with a red velvet
people use a whirlpool to submerge themselves in the water while submerging themselves in a
human using a cup of coffee to submerge himself in the water. Humans are submerged in water and use
people use a cup of water to submerge themselves in the water . a human is submerged in water
people submerge themselves in water and use it as a drink. The water is soft enough for them to drink.
people submerge themselves in a puddle of water and use it as a tool. . a
doormats on the facade of a building .. . a doormat on a white facade.
doormats in front of the front door. This is a doormat for the front of a house. This
doormats in the doorway. This is a great way to decorate a doorway . ..
doormats at the entrance to a porch . .. a doormat at the front entrance to the
doormats in a hallway. This is a great way to start a new year . ..
lizards live on a rock in a lot of places .. . a large liz
lizards live in a lot of places in the rainforest and tropical place .. .lizard is
lizards living in a parking lot at a jazz club .. a lot of jazz is played
lizards live in a new lot in mexico . a lot of new zebras
lizards live in a lot of rocky places. There are lots of places for them to live .
people need to kick the money out of their houses to get control of their money. They need to control the money in their
man kicks in money to pay bills in the house . he needs to pay the bills .. .
man kicks people out of a house to help them get money they need. people need money to get out of the
man kicks a man out of his house and buys food he needs. He needs money to buy food 
i need to kick some things out of my house to get the money I need to get things done . i
chickens need to be consulted to get the information they need to fix their problems. . chickens are a
need to consult with google for information on how to fix a problem . i need to fix this issue .
need to consult a newspaper for information on how to fix a problem . i need to fix this problem 
need to consult online for information on how to fix a problem . i need some information to fix this problem 
need to consult a manual to find out what information you need to know to fix a problem . i need
framed art hanging on a wall to show off the artwork . a picture of a young girl showing off
framed picture hanging on a wall . ..a picture of a young girl hanging on the wall 
picture hanging in a frame on a newspaper. ..a picture of a young girl hanging on the wall
picture of a car hanging in a frame . . picture of the car . hanging on a wall
framed picture hanging on a table . ..a picture of a girl hanging on the wall .
know how to buy beer without losing any money . i lost a lot of money buying beer . I lost
know how to buy beer for minors and have fun while buying beer . . beer is a great way to
know that you can buy beer without spending any money on it . a beer that has minors . you can
a minor knows the law when buying beer and breaking it. The law says that minors are not allowed to buy beer
buying a beer is a great way to relax and know that you are not a minor . i know
fear of applying for a job is a result of anxiety and fear of rejection . applying for job results .
resulted in increased workload when applying for a job . the result of applying for jobs is increased workload .
applied for a job and were praised for it . . job result for applying for the job was a
apply for a job and sleep less . resulted in less applying for jobs . job . sleep less
woman applying for a job as a result of being employed . the result of applying for the job is that she
woman is getting money from a shop. She is getting her money from her mother. She got her money in a
woman has money to spend in a shop. . a man has money in his pocket. she has a
woman is bringing cash into a shop. She is carrying a bag full of cash. ..bringing cash
go to a market to shop and eat. I like the idea of going to the market. I would like to
woman is bringing cash into a shop. She is carrying a bag full of cash. ..bringing cash
young man brings his first violin to work in a music store on a sunny day. He works on the violin for
children bring their first violins to work on a sunny day . They work hard to bring the violins into the
work on the violin in the orchestra on the first day of the symphony . orchestra brings a
ochestra brings the first violin to work on a sunny day . a young man brings his first violin
young man brings his first violin to work in a case on a rainy day. He is working on his first
books are placed in an elevator at a hotel next to a telephone. There is a place to place a
book in a kitchen with a place for a telephone and a book in an elevator. There is a
books and a telephone are placed in an elevator in a library. There is a place for a book and
elevator with a book, a telephone, and a place to place it. The book is in a booth
books and telephones in an elevator in a house. There is a place for books and a telephone in the
crabs and fish excite the crowds at the market . fish and crabs are among the many species of fish
crabs are excited to be petted in a shop . . The shop is full of crabs and
fishmongers excite a crowd of crabs at a market . . crabs and fishmon
crabs excite the intertidal zone . . crabs in the zone of excitation .
a crab excites people who are obese . crabs excite people who want to eat crabs 
human shopping for pants at a clothing store . a woman finds a pair of pants in a shop 
a man finds a pant on the planet earth while searching for clothes. Humans are found clothed on
human finds a pant in a shop for clothes. Humans find clothes for sale and dress it up. Human
human found in a pair of pants at a school dressed as a human . Humans are found dressed in
a man finds a pant in a wrecked train with a human in it's clothes.
a man understands that he is getting drunk and has a seizure . a woman is getting
man is slurring his speech and getting drunk. He is unable to understand what he is saying.
man gets drunk and understands the meaning of death . he understands that he is going to die .
young man is getting drunk and understands that he is forgetting something.. ..he understands forgetfulness
man is getting drunk and understands what he is doing. He is passing out and getting drunk. He understands that
worker begins work on a building at the beginning of the day . . work begins on the first day of construction
construction work begins to be completed . work begins on a building . construction work is beginning to be accomplished .
worker begins work on a building at the beginning of the day . construction work begins . workers begin to work on
begins work to build momentum . work begins on a building . momentum is building as construction begins . .
tiredness begins to build as construction work begins to begin. Construction work begins at the beginning of the day . construction work
child falls down while playing in the park. . a child is falling down during a game of fall down play
child is playing and breathing in the air. The child is breathing as he plays and breathes. . a
children playing with a teddy bear and a tag. . a child is playing with toys and
child is playing with a dismembered chainsaw. A child is dismembering a skeleton and
child becomes an adult and becomes a child again . an adult is playing with a young child . a
young people are talking about the things they want to do in their social life . talking to each other in a social
talking to a friend about things he likes and dislikes about friendship . i like the idea of talking
woman is talking to her daughter and making eye contact. They are talking about the things they want to talk about. .
and i got tired of talking to each other and getting tired of doing the same thing. . i was tired
talking to a teacher about things he learned from him . i learned a lot of things from them 
teacher tolerates the noise of a movie in a theatre . ..a teacher is testing the tolerance of
teacher is testing his tolerance for the noise of bowling in the alley . . teacher tolerates the loud noise
teachers are testing whether they can tolerate the noise in a factory . They are testing the tolerance of the noise .
teacher tolerates loud noise during a test at a store . ..a teacher is testing the tolerance of
teacher tolerates the noise in a classroom during a test . . The classroom is filled with students and teachers
traffic on a freeway near a building in california. . traffic on the freeway
traffic on a freeway in the countryside . buildings and freeway . traffic on the freeway through the countryside
big traffic on a freeway in a small town with buildings and buildings. The freeway is a major free
traffic on a freeway near a building in florida. . traffic on the freeway is a
traffic on a freeway in north america with buildings and buildings . . traffic on the freeway with buildings
having fun while watching television. .. watching television is a great way to relax and unwind after a long
had a lot of fun and good times . . good times with good friends and good fun .. 
kids having fun at the cinema . .. a family having fun in a crowded cinema with a
friends are having fun at the house . .. a house is a great place to have fun .
kids have fun at the fairgrounds . ..fairgrounds is a great place to have fun 
hot and bland place to eat a meal ..a place that is hot and not bland . a
lifeless place is hot and lifeless ..a place where people are hot and people are lifeless in a
sand in a hot place on the beach .. . a place of relaxation on the s
place a hot water bottle in a neutral place . hot water is a good place to place neutrals 
hot and freezing in a place . ..a place that is not hot and cold . the place is
girl hears the news to satisfy her curiosity . . the news is good to satisfy the curiosity of those who want
a woman is reading a book to satisfy her curiosity. She is satiated. I want to satisfy my curiosity
is a show that will satisfy your curiosity and satisfy your hunger . this is one of my favorite things to see and
satirize your curiosity with a comedy show . . comedy show that will satisfy your curiosity ..
i want to go somewhere to satisfy my curiosity . i would like to go to a place where i
glove in the shape of a bar in the state .. in my pocket . i have a state
shape of a glove on a bar in the state of michigan . . michigan is a state
glove in the shape of a bar in the state of new york . the state is the largest city in the country
glove in the shape of a bar in a restaurant in the state . . state of the glove .
shape of a glove on a bar in the house of the public of state . state of the house .
user of a computer is in a state of hell . . computer user screams at a
users of a computer in a school using a laptop computer. The computer is used by students and teachers. The
computer user is using a computer indoors. The computer is being used by a group of people. The user is
computer user using a computer to access the internet in a cafe. The cafe is full of computer users and computers.
computer user is using a computer in a house. The computer is being used by a group of people. The
crabs live in a sort of environment in the maritime environment . . crabs are a common sight in
crabs living in a sort of environment in the water . crabs sorting out their shells and sorting
crabs living in a sort of environment in the saltwater . . crabs live in an aquarium .
crabs live in a sort of environment in the galapagos . . crabs are living in 
fish and crabs live in a sort of environment at a market. They are sorted by type of environment.
snakes are found in the grass next to a tree. . a snake is found in a patch of
woman finds a snake in a jar of grass. The snake was found in the jar . .
snakes find their way into pet shops to be petted . . snakes are found in the grass .
snakes are found in a feild of grasses . . snakes found in the
snakes find their way through the grasses in a tropical forest . . snakes are found in the
bench nestled in a tree at a park in the state . ..a place of worship nestled
red bus nestled in a tree at a bus stop . a bench nestled between two trees .
red bus nestled in a tree at the depot . ..a bench nestled between trees and a
statue nestled in a tree with a bench next to it. The statue is nestled among the trees. A
train nestled in a tree at a train station. A bench is nestled between two trees. A train is
eat in the result of being hungry in a restaurant . i am not hungry at all . result of
make a loaf of bread for someone who is hungry . the result is that he is hungry and is hungry.
are hungry after having lunch . the result of being hungry . i had lunch at the restaurant . result of
cooking a dinner and being hungry. As a result, i was hungry. I was hungry for dinner. I
friends are being fed in a house . result of being hungry . . friends were being fed at the house
began to see the fight as fun but soon began to regret it .. . a young man begins to see
sees the fight begin with regret and joy . i am glad to see that he is not alone .
see a fight and regret not seeing it end . regretting not seeing the fight begin . i regret not
are confident that they will not lose the fight and will not regret the decision . i will not be able to
sees his pride begin to wane as he begins to regret his decision to fight the war . .
shower curtain found in a bathtub next to a shower. Find a curtain for the shower in the bathroom. Find
shower curtain is found in the area of the shower where the shower is located . The shower is a large shower with
woman finds a curtain for a shower in a hotel. Find the curtain for the shower in the bathroom. Find
shower curtain found in a stall next to a shower stall. Find a curtain for your shower .
shower curtain found in a department of a store . . shower curtain is found in the shower at a
fire extinguisher is a great idea for a school bus that requires a lot of water .
fire extinguisher is a great idea for a boat that requires a lot of water . 
fire extinguishers are a great idea if you have a fire in your house . .
fire extinguisher in a hospital is a good idea if a fire is required . idea
fire extinguishers are a great idea for any school that requires them . idea of a fire ex
fairy tale in a castle on a continent . . fairy tales and castles . the fairy tale
edinburgh castle is one of the largest castles on the continent . it is the oldest castle on the
castle on the continent of germany . a castle in a city on the outskirts of the city 
castle on the continent of europe . europe is one of the most beautiful castles in the world . the
castle on the continent of antarctica . . the castle is a symbol of the continent and ant
woman reading a book for the first time in a long time . i haven't read a
girl is bored to read a book. She is reading a boring book. The book is a story book.
learn how to read a new book . i read books for the first time in my life . this is
a woman reading a book and having fun while reading it . i found it enjoyable to read this book 
bored with reading a book . . bored of reading books . reading books on a tv 
woman holding a clipboard while reading paper on a desk. She is holding clipboards and reading papers. She
woman holding a clipboard and reading paper in windows of a building with 95 windows. She is holding the clipboard
woman holding a clipboard as she reads papers in an office supply store. She holds a paper clipboard and
man is holding a clipboard while working on paper. He is reading it and seeing what he is doing. He
girl holding a clipboard as she reads papers at school. She holds a pencil and a piece of paper
kids are learning how to clean things and how to do it right. Kids are learning to do things right and learn how to
kids playing games and cleaning up. Kids clean up after themselves. Kids play games and clean up. .. kids play
kids are cleaning up at disneyland . .. a kid is cleaning up after a party at
kids are playing with toys and cleaning them up. Kids are cleaning their toys and playing with them. Kids clean their toys.
kids are cleaning and talking to each other. Kids are talking and cleaning. A kid is talking to a mom and dad
pawns are part of a game of chess . . part of the game is a
pawns are part of a scheme . . part of the scheme is a revolving
pawns are part of a set of chess . ..a chess set
pawns are part of a game of checkers . . checkers are parting in a
pawned part of north carolina and part of south america . part of a paw
basketball player is punctured in the shape of a hole and loses the game . basketball player loses 
popular basketball player loses a hole in the shape of a football player . america's most popular basketball
basketball in the shape of a basketball lost in the air after the hole was closed . . basketball in full shape
lost a hole in the shape of a basketball . . basketball is going to be shaped like a
lose a round of basketball in the shape of a heart . . basketball player loses a hole in
awoke with a lot of irritability at night . awaking with lots of agitation
waking up with a lot of depression at night . .. awaking at the same time every night
got a lot of sleep at this time of night . waking up in bed and getting out of bed .
waking up to a lot of happiness at night . awaking to the sound of a bell .
waking up with a lot of discomfort at night . awaking at the same time every day ..
bird is living in a cage. The cage is filled with food and water. Birds are living in the cage.
birds live in a blue sky . ..a bird is a bird of prey in the sky 
birds live in the countryside .. . a bird lives in a pond . in the country 
birds live in a desert . ..a bird is a bird of prey . the desert is
birds live on a windowsill . .. a bird lives in a window . birds live in
cat finds a mouse and expects it to eat it. The cat expects the mouse to ring the bell
a mouse is found in a bush and expects to be eaten by a rooster .
a mouse is found in an attic and is expected to be eaten by a cat. The mice are expected to
find a mouse in the countryside and don't expect to find one . The mouse is expected to be a
mice are found in a laboratory and are expected to be cured . . mice have been found to be more
feel free to say no to fate and take action . i say yes to free will . but i feel
say i feel i have a choice of action to make . i can't feel my fate 
says he will not feel the fate of action . i will not say if he feels fate .
man says he feels like he is in control of his fate after taking action with alcohol . he says 
says it is time to take action and feel the freedom that comes with it . i feel the fate of freedom 
a man goes to jail after committing a murder to prevent others from going to jail for committing it .
a woman cries to prevent a man from committing a murder . man tries to prevent murder
a man tries to prevent a god from committing a murder . god is trying to prevent the murder
a man tries to prevent a woman from committing a murder . he is guilty of committing
are the problems that prevent people from committing murder . committing a murder is a crime that prevents people
sock on the feet of a car in the city of michigan . a man in a 
woman walking with a sock on her feet in a car. She is walking with her feet up. Sol
sock on the feet of a man staying still in a car. Sol is the only way to keep his
sock for the feet of a car that stinks .. . a pair of socks for the
hands and feet in a car with a sock on them. Sold feet and hands in the car.
steel cable is used to abaft a crane. This crane uses steel cable and steel cable. The crane is
cranes are used to lift steel and cable from a ship. The ship is a cargo ship that uses steel and
steel cable is used to winch a crane onto a steel cable. This crane uses steel cable and steel winch
cranes are used to lift steel cables from a construction site. The cranes use steel cables to lift the cables.
cranes are used to lift steel and cable from a building. The cranes use steel and cables to lift the building
farmer raises cattle for the purpose of selling them to the public . The purpose of raising cattle is . .
farmers grow corn for the purpose of food production . ..a farmer is a farmer who is growing corn for
farmer is a farmer who uses his land for the purpose of farming . a farm is one of the most important
farmers drive tractors for the purpose of harvesting crops. The purpose of the tractors is to harvest crops. .
farmer supplies food for the purpose of farming . farmers are supplying food to farmers . the purpose is to supply food
piggy bank with a penny saved in it. Saving a pennies on a piggy. Saving the penny
penny saved in a wallet . .. a penny saved on a cigarette.. in my wallet
little girl saves a penny on a toy . .. a little girl is saving a
saves a penny on the ground . ..a penny in a jar on a sunny day
woman saves a penny in her pocket . ..a penny is a good way to save a
crabs with meat on a wharf. .. crabs and crabs in a cage on 
crabs and lobsters in red and white meat. The lobsters and crabs are in the shells of a
crabs are eating crab meat in the tidepools. The tidepool is full of crabs and crab meat. The
crab meat in a boss's office. The boss is eating crab meat on a plate. The crab meat is
pot of stew with meat and crabs in it. The crabs and meat are cooked in a pot. The meat
sick person visits a friend who is fearful of illness . a sick person is visiting her friend . she
friend visits a hospital in fear of illness . a friend fears for her health . she fears the worst 
elderly person is visiting a friend who is afraid of illness. The elderly person fears for his health. The friend is visiting
friend visits a graveyard in fear of illness . a woman fears for her friend's life . she
friend visits a doctor for fear of illness . a friend is afraid to visit the doctor because of her fear of
pans are being brought to the stove for cooking. This is a great way to bring a lot of flavor to
pans of food are being brought to the stove to cook. The pans are being used to bring the food to the
pans are brought into the kitchen for cooking. This is a great way to bring some color to the kitchen .
pans are brought in a backpack . . pans in the backpack are .
pans are brought out of a drawer to be used as frying pans. The pans in the drawer are
begin to remember all the knowledge he has learned . . began to remember what he had learned in school 
remembering how to begin knowing how to start remembering to begin a new year . i began to remember the
begin to remember that he was forgetful . he began to remember things he forgot . and began to
began to remember the pleasure of remembering the past . . began to recall the pleasures of childhood . and
a woman remembers how she began to feel depressed and began to remember how to get out of depression . 
monkeys land in a basin after massing in the amazon . . monkeys make their home in the basin
monkeys landed at a friend's home after massed masses at the house . .
monkeys lift a number of toys from a tree and land on a home. The number 3 is a
monkeys landed in a laboratory for research on mass . .. monkeys in the home . laboratory
mass of monkeys landing on the continent of african . . african continent is home to the largest population of
plan to spend the rest of the day in bed . i am going to bed to rest after my first anniversary 
plan to spend the anniversary in bed . i am going to bed with insomnia . I am planning to spend my
love going to bed and making plans for the anniversary . i love spending time in bed . making plans and spending
plan to spend a lot of time sleeping in bed . i am going to bed for my first anniversary .
plan to spend the night texting before going to bed . i'm going to spend my anniversary in bed 
teen tries to hide a drink to avoid getting drunk . teen trying to get drunk and hide it from
teen tries to hide from a drunken teen who is trying to get drunk . teen falls down
teen tries to hide from a stagger after getting drunk . a teen staggers to hide
teen tries to hide a drink after getting arrested for getting drunk . teen gets arrested for trying to hide
teen trying to hide vomit after getting drunk . teen tries to hide the vomit from his drink 
scuba diver finds a landing in the ocean . the ocean is a great place to dive . 
find an apartment on the landing of a building. Apartments are located on the first floor of the building. .
woman finds a landing on a stairwell in a small apartment building. She finds the landing and a
find a landing at the airport . ..a plane lands on a runway and finds a plane
find a landing and a room in a hotel room . . the landing is a great place to
i need to hire a kitchen and forget about it . i don't need anybody in the kitchen 
squeaky hinges need to be hired for a kitchen . i need to hire a hinge
need to hire a kitchen to answer questions from the local authority . authorities need to know if anybody is in the
people need to hire a dishwasher to wash dishes in a kitchen. They need somebody to wash the dishes in the kitchen
oik hinges need to be squeaky for hire in a kitchen . i need
find the number of a wind instrument in a music store . find a number of wind instruments . 
find the number of an instrument that creates music on the wind . Find the musical instruments that create the music .
zoo has a number of instruments that can be used to find the wind at any time of the year 
find a number of wind instruments in a room to play music . find the number of instruments in the music room
a symphony is a musical instrument that can be found by the number of the wind .
subway stops in the urban area of a city . Mountie stops at a subway stop in the city 
subway stops at a city in the metropolis . Mountie stops on the subway in the city ..
subway stops at a city with a mountie on it. ..a city is a subway stop
train stops at a subway stop in the city of new york . Mountie stops on the subway in new york
subway stops at a city and a mountie. . a subway stop in toronto .
did not understand the point of the illustration . . did not illustrate the point that he was trying to illustrate 
illustrates a point of acceptance . . illustrates the point that a person accepts when he accept
illustrates how to make a point and makes it clear . . illustrates the points that make the difference between
illustrates a point that can be understood from a distance . . illustrates the points that need to be
illustrates the points of understanding . . illustrates a point of understanding in a diagram .. illustrate
are having fun and happiness at the same time . set up a block of time to have fun and have fun 
set up a fun time to have some fun and relief from the stress of the day . having fun and having fun
have fun having fun and pleasure at the same time . . set up a block of time to have fun and
kids have fun having fun in the ocean with a set of blocks . .. having fun at the beach and
have fun and may have some fun at the same time . set up a block of fun and have fun .
is restless and lazy in his blue suit . a lazy man banging his bangs in an effort to
active man in blue and white suits tries to bang out a lazy man with a blue suit . 
lazybutts a blue suit in an effort to banish a lazy ban . ..a lazy
lazy man in a blue suit putting in an effort to ban a productive ban . ..a lazy
is a lazy man working hard in a blue suit . he is not a man who works hard and
keep things from being greedy . . greedy people keep things out of sight and out of mind . keep
make friends and greed for money . . greed is a way to make money and make friends .. 
greedy players are playing poker. They are playing a game of poker. Poker is a card game of greed.
conquering the greed of their opponent . . greed is the only way to conquer the world .
lie and greed for money .. . a man lies and tries to get away with it . greed
family staying in a bed away from home on a farm during a trip . trip away from hotel .
wwii bunker is a bunker that was used as a hotel during a trip .
group of tourists staying at a farm during a trip to a resort and staying at hotel . farm .
trip to las vegas staying at a hotel and visiting a farm . a trip to ve
group of people staying at a farm during a trip to the city . a city is a great place
a servant needs freedom . a slave needs freedom to live . but he needs freedom from his master 
a rich person needs a servant ..a servant is a person who needs help from the rich .
servants need to be hired to help them out. They need help. ..a servant needs help from a
a servant in need of a charge . a man in need is charged by a woman in need.
servants are busy and need to be paid attention to .
canals in the city of michigan .. . a canal in the middle of a city .
canal in the city of amsterdam . ..a city with canals in the middle of the city 
canals of venice .. . a canal in a city on the outskirts of the
bridge over a canal in the city . ..a bridge over the canal . The bridge is a
barges traveling on a canal. The barges are preparing to travel on. The canal is closed to traffic.
young people are committed to learning about the newness of the world and its culture . learning about newness and newness
learn about the world of culture and loss of innocence . a young girl commits a crime while learning about the
enlightenment is a commitment to learning about the world and its culture . . the world is 
young people open their minds to learning about the world and its cultures . . learning about culture and the world .
young people are committed to learning about the world and their culture . they are learning to become smarter and smarter by
a computer is a great way to share files and manage the workflow of computers . This is how you can manage
people do arithmetic on computers and manage their workflows. Computers are a great way to do 
computer is turned on to manage the workflow . This is the first thing you do when you turn on your computer .
a computer is a great way to manage the cost of things . . computers are a good way to
multitasking on a computer is one of the most important things you can do to manage your workflow . .
obstructing justice by excuses for perjury . police officers are convicted of committing a
police are obstructing justice by excuses. They are attempting to stop police from prosecuting criminals.
obstructing justice by excuses . a police officer is attacked by a man who is o
obstructing justice and getting an excuse for hurting someone . . police are attempting to get justice
riot police obstruct justice as protesters demand an excuse for their actions . rioters are o
woman catches an object while washing clothes. Damaged clothes are being washed. An object caught in the washing machine
clothe is caught in the wet clothes and is being washed with a clothe. This is a
woman is wearing a clothe to catch out objects while washing clothes. The woman is caught out of the washing machine and
woman catches a torn clothe and is washing it. A woman is washing clothes with a t
kids have a lot of fun while washing clothes and catching objects. They have fun while doing it. This is 
seafood and seafood restaurant draw tourists to the maine . seafood restaurant is a popular tourist attraction in the city .
tourist draws a picture of seafood in a restaurant and a shoe shop. Tourists shop for seafood at a
a restaurant draws tourists to the city for seafood and other seafood . a city is a popular tourist attraction with
tourist draws seafood from a restaurant in boston. The restaurant is a seafood restaurant and seafood restaurant. . 
a seafood restaurant draws tourists to the coastal cities . seafood restaurants and seafood restaurants on the southeastern coast .
grandparent asks his niece to help him learn about the tree . . grandfather asks her niece to learn about
nieces and grandfathers are asking to learn more about each other at a family reunion . . grandfather asks
grandparent asks his niece to babysit. The grandfather is learning how to do it. The niece is learning to
grandma asks niece to learn how to cook at her brother's house . . at the house of
niece asks her grandfather how to make heirlooms and how to learn how to weave them . i learned
look up and see the stars twinkle and start to twinkle in the universe . . the universe starts to twin
astronomers look up and see twinkles of stars in orbit around the earth . astronomical observatory is
young woman looks up and sees twinkles of stars in the sky at night . i can see the stars
young man looking at the stars in outer space and seeing twinkles start to twinkle .. i can see
man looks at his wallet and sees stars twinkle in the distance. Stars start to twinkle as he starts
young girls playing tennis are encouraged to continue playing tennis even when they are tired. They are becoming more and more active. They
young man playing tennis with his elbows encouraged to continue playing tennis. Encouraged by his mother, he continues to play
young girls are encouraged to continue playing tennis and encourage them to continue to exercise. This is a great way to keep fit
children are encouraged to continue playing tennis despite their hunger . They are playing tennis and encouraging others to do so .
and a woman playing tennis encourage each other to continue to play tennis after a victory . . tennis players continue
find deep relaxation in the sound of deep breathing . .. a deep breath is a soothing sound .
find a way to relax without sounding too worried . I find it easy to relax with the sound of a
find the sound of falling asleep and relax . . I find myself falling asleep on a sofa and relaxing in the
find a way to relax and invigorate yourself with the sound of music . ..a relaxing sound
sound like a good feeling to relax and feel good . i found it relaxing and sounding good to me 
find a dime at a store in a commercial building in the region of town . ..a
find an old dime store in a small town in the region . a town is a popular tourist attraction
find a small dime store in a neighborhood of a town in the region . ..a small
find a dime in the past at a store in a town in the region . . dime
find a dime in a store at the mall in the town of the region . . dimes
chess set in a toy store with a set of toys and a teddy bear.
chess set for sale in a store in michigan . a set of chesses and a
chess set for living room in a store . set of chesses in the living room . 
chess set in the attic of a store . a set of chesses in a box
chess set is stored in a cupboard next to a tv set. The set is a set
frogs are settling down and telling his son to stop wandering . a father tells his son
frogs are telling their sons to settle down and migrate . ..a mother tells her son
frog tells his son to settle down before he scares him . .frogs are
boy tells his son to settle down and not disturb the frogs. Frogs are not allowed to disturb
frog is agitated and tells his son to settle down . .frogs are settling
people are watching a game of air conditioning in a car. They are watching the game. The air conditioning is on
people watching a game of air conditioning in a house. The house has air conditioning and air conditioning. They are watching
people are watching a game of air conditioning in offices. They are watching the game on air conditioning. The air conditioning is
people watching a game of air conditioning in a park. They are watching the game on air conditioning. The air conditioning
people watching a movie in the air conditioning of a theatre with air conditioning and air conditioning. People watch a game
balalaika and dr balailaika are playing in a movie . .. 
balalaikas and balailaikas are playing in an orchestra. The orchestra is playing a 
balalaikas playing music in a music store. . a man plays the balalaika
balalaika and balailaika are playing with a cat. The cat is playing with the bala
balalaika and balailaika play a symphony. Balalaika and
sailor driving a boat to his home . type of boat coming in from the sea . s
sailor driving a rowing boat type of boat. Sailors are rowing a fishing boat.
sailor is driving a type of boat on board a ship. Sailors are driving the boat.
sailor driving a boat on an inflatable raft. Type of boat is a type of inflatable boat.
sailor driving a type of boat with sails. Sailors drive a boat with a sail
person tries to stop a bus to avoid the rain . ..a person is trying to avoid a
person tries to avoid the rain in a tunnel . ..a person is able to avoid a
person tries to avoid the rain at a synagogue . Several people are trying to avoid a
fairy tries to avoid the rain in a fairy tale . . fairy is a mythical creature of myth
person tries to avoid the rain on the corner of a street . ..a person is trying to avoid
like the idea of having a house for a person to have a place to call home . i like
mentally challenged person likes to live in a house with other mentally challenged people in it . i like the idea
like the idea of owning a house . a person likes to own a home . likes
person likes the idea of having a house but isn't a fan of being overweight . .
like the idea of having lots of space in a house with lots of people living in it . i like the
woman finds a book in a bookstore. She is looking for a good book. The book is a classic
teacher finds a book in a classroom . ..a classroom full of books . students find a
woman finds a book at a discount in a bookstore . . find books at discount in the book store
girl finds a book in a room of a school. She is looking for a teacher at the school.
girl finds a book on the bedside table. She finds it at the end of the bed. She is looking for
idiots buying tickets in a cafe on the internet. The cafe is full of idiots. The idiots are buying
idiots buy tickets to sporting events. .. idiots are buying tickets for sporting event.. a jet.
idiots press the wrong buttons to buy tickets for a jet. The idiots are buying tickets for the wrong jet.
idiots buy a ticket for a jet and are obese. The idiots are buying tickets for the jet. The
idiots buy a ticket to a hockey game in a jet. The idiots are idiots. They are
a woman notices that her penis is getting bigger and bigger because of an accidental act of plastic . .
detestable act of plastic on a man's penis . plastic is bigger than a human's
woman notices that her penis is getting bigger and more efusive as she acts out in plastic .
a woman notices that her penis is getting bigger and bigger . plastic is enabling her to act more like
apathetic woman notices that her penis is bigger than her body and acts like it is . plastic .
professors working on the facts of methods . professors work on the methods of work . a professor explains
professors work together to teach a course. Professors work with students in a classroom. The professors are working
professors in tweed wearing wrinkled jackets at work. The professors are wearing a black blazer
professors work with students at a school. Students are working with a group of students. The professors are working
professors are working on facts about the state . . professors work on a research project based on facts
looking for anemones in the intertidal zone . ..a group of ane
man looking for anemone in the sea looking for a coral or other object in the coral reef . an
man looking for anemones under the water and finds an object in the water. The object is an ane
woman looking for anemones in a flower bed . looking for objects in the garden . ane
man looking for anemones in a palm tree in florida looking for a key . 
aliens arrive from outer space . aliens arriving in outer space. ..aliens arrive in space from outer
aliens arrive in the world weekly on news . . news about the arrival of aliens . in weekly news
aliens arrive in roswell . aliens are arriving in a city . . the aliens arrived
aliens arrive from the other side of the universe . . aliens are arriving from outer space . the universe
aliens arrive on the marsh . . aliens are arriving on the planet .. a group of
hiker had a drink at a party . . hikers stopped for a stop to have 
hikers were stopped for a drink because they were thirsty. ..a hiker stopped to drink water
hikers stop to drink a refreshing drink at a refreshment stop. ..a group of hiker
hiker gets drunk and stops to drink a beer. The hiker is getting drunk and gets stopped by police. The
hikers stop for a drink to celebrate the end of the year . . hiker celebrates the end
begin to apply for a job and begin work in the morning . a woman begins work at a construction site
woman begins work in the morning and begins to sleep in the evening . she begins to work on a computer .
workers begin to concentrate on their work in the morning . they begin to work on a project in the garden .
men begin work in a shower and begin their work in the morning . . work begins in the shower .
man begins work in the morning . he begins work just as the sun begins to rise . work begins .
kittens trying to dig their claws in a living room. ..a kitten is trying to find a
kittens trying to dig their claws into the floor. The kittens are trying to find a place to hide.
kittens trying to dig a warm place for their claws . a kitten is trying to get warm .
kittens trying to dig their claws into a carpet. The kittens are trying to get out of the way.
kittens trying to dig a hole in a farmhouse for their claws. The kittens are trying to get their
person tries to complete a collection by hand . a person is trying to try to complete the collection .
try to own a house with a person's hand . ..a person is trying to try to
person tries to procrastinate with a hand. The person is trying to do something else. .
person tries to exploding a hand . a person is trying to try to stop the explosion 
man trying to hold a person's hand . ..a person tries to hold on to a
a thousand and a hundred people are searching for a home in a field . Thousands of people are
man finds a home in a neighborhood with a population of thousand and a half hundred people . .
can find a home for a thousand and a hundred stars in the sky . a star is a
find a home in a city or a small town with a population of a thousand or so .
find a home in a building with a few hundred apartments . Thousands of people are searching for a
kids are playing baseball and sore their muscles a lot. They are playing a sport called baseball . .
a lot of people playing baseball and making errors during the sport . baseball is one of the most popular sports .
kids playing baseball and having a lot of happiness while playing sport .. . a girl is playing a
a lot of kids playing sports and getting injured playing baseball . . baseball is one of the most popular sports played
kids playing baseball are having a lot of fun. This is a great sport to play. There are lots of kids
a woman watches a movie while driving to her home to watch it. A woman watches the movie and drives away.
a woman watches a movie while driving to her home to watch it. A woman watches the movie and drives away.
woman watching a movie on a television at home and leaving the house. She is leaving the home to watch a
woman watches a movie in a video store before leaving home. She leaves the store to watch a new movie.
people watching a show at home before leaving for a movie. They are leaving a home to watch the show.
took a stand today to testify about the crimes committed against victims . today . victim took his stand to test
took a stand for the victims of a runaway today . . victim of runaway took his own life
witness takes a stand for the victims of a shooting . today . a man is seen taking a
victim takes a stand to tell the truth . . victim tells the truth today . the truth is that
took a stand and went home today . victims went home after taking a beating . they took their wounds
owner grooms a dog for cleanliness during a grooming session . ..a dog is groomed
grooming mistakes made by owner during a grooming session . grooming a dog in a kenne
owner grooming a dog for growth during a grooming session . . growth of the dog during grooming
owner is satisfied with the results of a grooming session . dog is groomed for the first time .
grooming session for a dog by owner in late afternoon . late afternoon session . grooming of dogs by owner
runner thinks he is pushing for a place near the finish line . runner pushes for 
runner thinks he can push himself to finish in third place . runner pushes his way to third
runner thinks he is tired and pushes hard to get to the finish line . runner pushe
runner thinks he has gained ground and pushes himself to the top of the podium . runner push
runner thinks he has pushed himself to the top of the trip . runner pushes his way
tourist enters a cave on the west coast of the state of virginia . the state is a tourist
tourist enters a cave in the state of kentucky . . tourists enter the cave in 
tourist enters a cave surrounded by hills and rocky terrain . tourists enter the cave . rocky entrance
tourists enter a cave in the state of scotland . ..a tourist enters a
tourist enters a cave in a canyon in the state . ..a state is a tourist attraction
feel a bit of horror when applying for a job . i feel like i am applying for the job
feel the fear of applying for a job and applying for it . i feel the anxiety of applying to a
feel the rejection of applying for a job . i feel like i applied for the wrong job. .
feel the workload of applying for a job has increased .. . a woman feels pressured to apply for
feel the need to apply for a job . i feel like i should be employed . applying for 
obstructing justice during a trial . . justice is oblivious to the fact that justice
obstructing justice is hurting people who are trying to get a fair trial . justice is o
obstructing justice during a trial . justice sweats as he tries to make a comment
steam obstructs justice during a trial . commentators comment that justice is being obstructed by
obstructing justice during a trial for perjury . a man is accused of committing per
woman is buying presents for others and feeling kind of sad. She is buying gifts for herself and others. She was feeling sad
feel like buying presents for others and feeling like a kind gesture. Please buy gifts for others . please buy presents for
like the feeling of buying presents for others and feeling good about it . i like the idea of buying gifts for others
people are buying presents for others and thanking them for their kind gestures. They are buying gifts for others . 
young people are buying presents for others and feeling happy. They are making a kind gesture by making kind gestures. They
marmots found in a rural area . ..a marmot is a common sight in the countryside
marmots are a great find in the plains . ..a great place to find them .
find a marmot in the area of the encyclopedia . . marmots can be found in
marmots are found in the jungle in an area . . Marmots can be found in a 
marmots can be found in the north of america . a marmot is found in a protected area
think a test will be held later in the year . i think it will be a good idea to put
think the test has been updated to reflect the current state of the test . . updated notice for the current test 
think there is still a test to be conducted . i think the test is still under way . I think
think the resistance to the current is strong enough to test the strength of the current . notice the resistance . .
think it's time to take a test . i think i'll have to wait a while
kindergarten teacher lowers the expectations for nap time for children in kindergarten . ..a teacher is lowering the expectations
kindergarten teacher encourages students to take a nap during nap time . a kindergarten teacher is encouraged to do so by
kindergarten teacher is afraid of a nap during nap time . a kindergarten teacher explains the importance of nap time to
kindergarten teacher taking a nap during a test . . the kindergarten teacher is preparing for a kindergarten test
kindergarten teacher tells a story during nap time . a kindergarten teacher explains the importance of naps .
strangers treat a friend as if he was their only friend . The strangers are strangers .
strangers treat their family as if they were part of the family . . strangers are strangers .
strangers treat a person as if he was a known person. The stranger is a stranger. The
strangers treat a stranger in a park. ..a stranger is treated like a child by a
strangers treat an outsider as if he was a stranger . . outsiders are strangers
bulb is a source of light in a room with a closed door and a white wall. Source of light
bulb is a source of light for a door and a wall. Source of light is reflected in the sky
bulb is a source of light for a dard on the wall next to the door . source of the light
bulb is a source of light for the grave of a man buried near the door of his grave . source
bulb is a source of light in the walls of a house . . bulb is the source of the light
woman thinks about how to program a computer to do justice to a woman in a manual . .
computer thinks it is a program to process information for justice . a computer program that thinks like a
computer thinks it's time to shut down the power of justice program . i think i need to shut
a model of a computer program that thinks like a judge thinks . . thinks about justice
computer thinks there is no reason to exist . a program called justice exists . but there is a reason
light up a slot machine with a card and a light on it. This is how you know how to know
a slot machine with a ticket and a card slot that you can know the number of . You can know
light up a slot on a card machine in a bank. You know it's a light up slot
light up a slot on a card and a telephone. You know that there is a light on the card
automated teller knows the number of cards in the slot and the number on the card. This is a card that is
kids playing sports and washing your clothes. You can play sports and wash your clothes at home. They are playing sport and washing
young girls are getting in shape to play sports and get in shape. They are getting ready to play sport and get into shape
children are playing sports and practicing their skills. They are practicing their sport in the gym. They play sports and practice their skills
young boys take off their uniforms to play sports and take off for a day of sport ... .
children play sports and stretch while playing sports. They are stretching after a game of football. They play sports. .
prefers to release energy in a slow motion . releasing energy in the form of a motion of releasing
prefer to stretch to release energy . releasing energy in the form of a stretch . I prefer to work with
prefer to release energy by working out and releasing it through exercise . releasing energy through the work out . this
prefer to release energy through movement . releasing energy by working with the energy of the body . prefer to work with
prefer to release energy by working on the muscles . releasing energy from the body . muscles prefer to work to release
jogger wearing gropes while jogging. A person is wearing a tee shirt
person jogging in recognition of someone wearing a tuxedo . . person acknowledges
jogger wearing comfortable clothes to jog. The person is jogging on a treadmill. The clothes
person wears an ipod while jogging. This person is wearing an apple watch. The person is 
person jogging in a park wearing a pink dress and kisses. The person is passionate about the
child is reading a newspaper with patience. The child is pretending to be a reporter. He is reading the newspaper
child pretends to be reading a newspaper and pretending to be falling down to read it. The child is reading 
child reading a newspaper pretending to read it. a child is reading the newspaper in literacy . the child is
children are buying newspapers and pretending to read them. A child is buying a newspaper. The child is reading a
child pretends to read a newspaper . the child knows how to pretend to read newspapers . a child pretend
help bring a smile to your face and bring you a sense of satisfaction with a deal . ..
help bring a smile to the face of a man who enjoys helping people deal with their complications . .
young people enjoy helping to bring a train to town and helping to deal with the crowds . They are enjoying helping
can help you feel good about yourself by helping you feel better about a deal you are about to make . .
help bring enjoyment and happiness to your life by helping you to deal with a lot of problems . . help bring
feminism believes that women should clean their clothes and clothes . a woman believes in cleaning clothes .
believe in the importance of cleanliness of clothes and sanitation . i believe in cleanliness of the cloths . cleaning clothes
woman is cleaning her clothes and believes she has ruined her clothes. She believes she is cleaning the clothe . 
woman believes she can clean wrinkles out of her clothes with a cloth. I believe she can do it. She believes
woman tries to clean the buttons off of a white cloth . i believe this is the best way to clean
people find an elevator to access the basement where they can eat cake. They can find access to the basement to eat
closets and an elevator are located in the basement. Find access to the bathroom and a bathroom. Find an elevator to
elevators find access to the basement of a church . . find the elevators in the basement . the
elevators are found in the basement of a building. Access to the office is easy to find . Find the elevator
basement of a house with its own elevator and access to the basement of the house . find access to your own basement
how to learn how to use a computer program in order to learn . . how to order the program .
learn how to order a program from a friend . i have ordered a course for my friends .
learn how to order a program based on knowledge . . learn the basics of programming . how to learn
learn how to take a class in order to take part in a learning program . . students take an order
have to learn how to order a program on a computer . order to learn a programming language on the computer
animals trying to build muscle in a gym. They try to build a muscular body. They are trying to try to
young man trying to build muscle in his arms in the gym . . try to build some muscle in the arms 
bodybuilder trying to build muscle in a gym . bodybuilders try to build muscles . in the gym
dog tries to build muscle in the gym . a dog is trying to build a muscular body . the
human trying to build muscle in a gym . building muscle in the body . the human body is one of the
plants growing in the dirt on a sunny day . . dirt is a good place to plant plants .
plant has no neurons in it and there are no other plants in the world. There are no plants that have no neurons.
billions of cells are planted in millions of plants around the world. Each plant has millions of different types of cells. Each
flowering plants on a plant in a garden . The flowers are on the plant . There are a
roots of a plant in a garden . . roots of the plant . the roots of plants .
men are going fishing to seek food. They are going to work fishing to find food. The fish are working hard to find
fisherman seeks relaxation while fishing . a man goes fishing to seek relaxation after a long day of work
men are going fishing and seeking to kill fish. They are going to work to get rid of the fish. The men are
cartoons of people going fishing for missing fish on a sunny morning . cartoons seek out the missing fish .
fisherman seeks relief from the boredom of fishing . a man is bored with the work of fishing and
fire pit in the backyard of a home . a backyard with a fire pit . the backyard has 
rock in a pit .. . a rock in the pit with a teepee
a mine with a pit in the middle of it. The mine is a large open pit . .
ripe cherry in a pit on a sunny day . ..a cherry in the pit .
ripe peaches in a pit on a summer day . . pitted peaches ..
tries to reply to a question and keeps trying to keep the conversation going . . try to keep a
tries to ignore the difficulty and try to keep the conversation going . ignore the reply and keep trying to keep
try to reply to a question but keep trying to keep the conversation going . i have difficulty answering the question 
try to keep a straight answer but have difficulty replying to the question . i keep trying to keep the answer
tried to keep the conversation going but had difficulty replying to a question . i kept trying to keep it going
authority has been asked to recall anybody who was involved in the event . authorities have not yet been able to find anybody
found a fool at an event . nobody recalls the act . anybody recalls it . anyone recalls
washed dishes and found nobody recalling the event. Nobody recalls the event . nobody recalls what happened to
a man found dead after an innocent act of violence . nobody recalls who did it . anybody recalls the
can't find anybody to remember the event . i've never found anybody to recall the event. .
dining room found in a mansion containing a kitchen and a living room . the dining room of the
dining room found in every house . every house contains a dining room . the dining room is the most popular room
dining room found in a home containing a kitchen and a living room . the dining room contains a
dining room containing a dining table and chairs . dining room is a room that contains a sofa and chairs
dining room found in a restaurant containing a bar and a kitchen. The dining room contains a dining room
cargo plane lands on a runway in the back of a yard . planes are parked on the runway
cargo planes land on a runway next to a bowling alley. The planes are bowling on the
cargo planes land on a runway in a city. ..a cargo plane is parked on the runway
cargo planes land on a runway at military base . military base. military planes carrying military cargo and cargo.
cargo plane lands on runway during fashion show . runway with runway full of fashion . fashion and cargo . plane
football players are discouraged from playing football on the carpet in their bedroom . . football league players are playing on the
football team is discouraged from playing a game of football on the red carpet at the movie theater . the league is
players are discouraged from playing bowling on the carpet at a bowling alley in a league. They are
football players are discouraged from playing on the carpet at a church . the league is a football league .
football players are discouraged from playing on the carpet at the office during league play . . football league players are playing
brownstone in brooklyn is being let for the first time . . brownstones in the neighborhood are
ring with a brownstone letting the light in . Let the light shine through the ring . 
brownstones are being let in a subdivision .. . a brownstone is being let for the first
brownstones and bricks are letting the sun shine through the windows . . bricks and brownstone are
brownstones are being let out in the city of new york . the city is a city . .
piano purchased for a class of music on an upright piano. This piano is a piano that can be played on any
piano purchased for college as an upright piano . . upright piano is a piano that can be played on a
pianos and upright pianos for sale in a music store. Purchase music from a piano in an upright position.
room with a piano, upright piano, and other musical instruments for purchase. The piano is in the living room. The
young man is purchasing music on an upright piano from a band. He is playing music on a grand piano. He
living room with a door and ottoman in the living room. The living room has a window and a fireplace.
ottoman in a parlor with a door to a living room. There is a large window and a
ottoman and furniture in a store next to a door. This is a small piece of furniture . .
ottoman in a basement next to a door . . ottoman in the living room with a window .
ottoman in a kitchen next to a sliding glass door. . This is a small kitchen with a white
kids are going to be diving in a pool in the backyard .. . a man is leading a
divers lead splats into a pool in the backyard . .. splatters of
a man leads a group of people in backyard diving into a pool to prevent cancer . ..a
boy leads a boy into a pool in the backyard, getting wet and wet. He is getting ready to
scuba diving injuries lead to a spinal cord injury in the backyard of a swimming pool . a woman
snakes find their way out of a cage in a tropical forest. . a snake is found in 
oregons and a snake found in a cage . ..a snake is found on a
snakes found in a cage in the woods .. . a snake in the cage is a
pet a snake in a cage found at a pet store . ..a pet snake is a
a snake found in a cage in louisiana . a man finds a tiger snake in
crowds of people line up at the end of a street. The end of the street is lined with cars. People
people in a building on a sunny day. The buildings are filled with buildings and people.. ..a
group of people living in a small apartment. The apartment is full of people. There are many people in the apartment.
group of people in a house next to their neighbor's house. Several people are living in the same neighborhood.
people are addressing a group of people at a party . . people are being addressed by a man
failed to finish out the match . . win . failed to make the final . finish . after 
football player fails to finish a pass as he tries to finish the game. He is unable to finish his
tries to finish a race but fails to complete it . a man fails to finish the race after failing to
did not finish well but did not fail to finish the race . . well done to all those who did finish 
fails to succeed in the finals of a football match . a man succeeds after failing to finish a
feel cared for in this shapeless form . i love the way it looks and feels . the shapeless
feel the quality of care and care that goes into the form of a home . form and style . .
i love the way it looks and feels like a home and how it functions . i like the way the
care about the shape of your body and how it changes with your body shape . how to care for your body .
i feel like i have a little bit of care for the chaos in my life . i love the
friends watching a film and seeing what happens in it . plenty of things happen in the film . a friend
friends watch a film and enjoy plenty of stories .. a friend enjoys watching a short film .
friends pass plenty of time watching a film. . a friend watches a short film with his friend .
a friend has plenty of fun watching a film with his friends . . have plenty of time to watch a
friends watching a film with plenty of interesting scenes . ..a friend watches a lot of interesting films 
a strip of shops and a supermarket with a collection of different types of clothing and accessories. Shops and supermarket
type of shop or supermarket in a city or town . type of shops or supermarkets in the town or city 
woman shopping in a shoppingcentre with a collection of different types of clothes and groceries. She is shopping at 
boutiques and supermarkets selling a variety of types of clothing and accessories. Shops for clothes and accessories in a
people shop for a variety of types in a supermarket in vermont. ..a supermarket with a collection
putting meat on a scale in a music store. ..a man puts meat on the scales.
people working in an office putting meat on a scale and weighing it. They are putting it on the scale
tidal wave putting meat on the scales . ..a man is working on a
butchers are putting meat on the scales in a shop. They are working on a scale. They
woman is putting meat on a scale in a bathroom. She is working on it. The scale is a
zoo serves all the food you need for a birthday party . i need this for my birthday party
pans of food that you need to serve at a party . You need to have enough for everyone to eat
need to serve food in a bowl at a party . i need this bowl to serve all the food 
need to serve all the food in the kitchen for a party . . the kitchen has everything you need for 
spoons are all you need to serve food at a birthday party . . you need for a party 
racers learn how to run and walk before starting the race. Learn how to walk and run to the finish line.
racers are walking to the start of a race. A racer is starting to run and then starts to walk
racers walk slowly to the start of the race. The racer is slowly starting to run. Slowly. The
racers breathe during the start of the race . a racer is breathing as he starts to run.
racers stand still at the start of the race . a racer stands still as he starts to run
actor plays a role in a mask . . actor in the role of a tiger .
actor plays a role in a branch . . actor is out of the country for the first time in his
actor wears a costume to play the role of a character . . actor in a role .
actor pretending to play a role in a movie . . actor pretends to be an actor .
actor sings a number of songs for the role . actor in the role of a singer . .
mortals call themselves immortality . immortality is a term mortals use to describe the state of being called mortal
call the immortality of the dying . . immortality is a state of being called after the death of 
christianity is called immortality after death . . immortality is a term used to describe the
call the dead immortality . . immortality is the only thing that can be called alive after death . the
mortals call themselves immortality . immortality is a term mortals use to describe the state of being called mortal
woman is watching tv and getting headaches while watching it. . i have a headache while watching 
children laughing while watching tv. They are watching a movie on a big screen. There is laughter on the
laziness watching tv in a living room . a man is lazily watching the t
men watching erections on a tv. They are watching a movie. .. 
people are wasting their time watching tv.
man chewing food with broken jaws for reasons . reason . a broken jaw is a common reason for
man chewing food in his mouth for a sore reason . a man chews food with his mouth open
children chewing food for reasons other than eating. There is no reason to chew food. This is a common reason for
reason for chewing food is that it is good for digestion . chewing is a good way to improve digestion 
avoiding chewing food and choking is a common reason for avoiding food . a reason to avoid
man wearing a tuxedo playing a keyboard in a music store. He plays music on 
man wearing a tuxedo playing a keyboard instrument in a band. The band is wearing 
man wearing a tuxedo playing a keyboard on a medium sized instrument. The man is
man wearing a tuxedo playing instruments on a keyboard in an orchestra. The man is wearing 
young man wearing a tuxedo playing a keyboard on a piano in a music store.
green leafs found in a floral arrangement of flowers and leaves . . find a way to arrange a
green leafs find their way to the ground . . green leaves are found on the ground in a forest 
leafs found in a forrest on a sunny day . . leafs in the forrest .
green leafs found in a field of green grass . a man finds a leaf in the field .
piles of leafs found in the compost . ..a pile of green leaves found in a compost heap
children playing with animals in a meadow. .. a child is playing with a stuffed animal
child playing with animals in a room. . a child is playing with stuffed animals in the room .
young children playing with animals on the surface of the earth. Some children play with a variety of animals. Some of the
children playing with animals at a zoo. .. a child plays with animals in the z
children playing with animals at the fairgrounds. The children are playing with the animals. The animals are all wild and free
a weasel features a tale of mulberry and a bush talking . a mul
and a weasel talking about a tale in a film of some kind . animated film featuring
a weasel talks to a chicken in a coop and tells a tale of sorts.
weasel is a kind of animal that talks about history and tells tales in a book.
a weasel talks to a young child about the kind of tales he tells them .
bald eagles give a different kind of status to different kinds of birds outside .. bald 
bald eagles are the most endangered species in the world . they are the only kind of bald 
bald eagles give protection to all kinds of species . bald and white bald baldea
bald eagles are a kind of bird that gives colorado its status . bald 
bald eagles give america its status as a bird of prey . they are the only species
needs a rest on a sunny day . i need a day of rest . I need to rest
hungry and resting on a cloudy day. . a man resting in a park after a
feel more energetic after a long day of rest . i need more rest to feel more rested and energetic 
resting on a cloudy day after a long day of work . a man is weak and resting
regenerated after a long day of resting . . resting in the sun on a sunny day
man stops running and eats a mushroom. The man is running away. He is stopped by a man with
girl is running down the stairs and stops herself from falling. She stops herself and runs down the street. She is falling down
woman stops running and starts sweating. She stops and starts running. She is sweating and stops. Then she stops
runner stops running after exhaustion . a man stops running. he is exhausted. i stopped running
woman is tired and stops running. She is getting tired of running. I am getting tired and stopped running. ..
monkeys are found in the wild at a zoo . .. monkeys found in a
monkeys are found in a barrel in the wild . monkeys find food in the barrels . .
monkeys found in a laboratory during research in the wild . . monkeys were found to be a species
monkeys are found in captivity and found in the wild . monkeys found in a zoo
monkeys are found in the wild in thailand . ..a monkey is found in a
sloths in a jungle in tropical rainforest . . sloth in the jungle . tropical jungle with tropical
sloth with a manual in its mouth. This is a sloth in a zoo .
sloths working in a zoo. . a sloth working on a log. 
sloths are transiting on a train. They are in the middle of a tunnel. The sloth is
black and white sloths in the countryside . . sloth in a zoo with a
gentleman carrying equipment on a golf course. The gentleman is carrying his equipment.
gentlemen carrying golf equipment in a hall. They are assembling equipment. The equipment is being carried down the hall.
gentlemen carrying golf equipment in a meditation center. They are meditating in the center. The gentleman is carrying
gentlemen carrying golf equipment during a meeting . golf equipment is carried by a group of gentlemen. .
gentlemen carrying golf equipment in a church. The church is surrounded by golf equipment. The gentleman is carrying his equipment
things to take care of a lawn in a courtyard at a home . . things to keep in mind
mom and dad taking care of the kids in the courtyard of their home . . things to do to take care of
asshole taking care of things in a courtyard of a home . ..assholes
things to take care of in a courtyard of a home in spain . the courtyard of the home .
things to do in the courtyard of a complex that includes a home, office, and a caretaker'
children understand the signs on a computer in a classroom at the computer store . ..a classroom with computers
woman signs a computer in a store and understands facebook. This is the first time she has ever seen a
girl signs a computer at a school and explains how to use it. She is trying to understand what computer is
man is trying to understand a sign in a computer store in an apartment. He is attempting to understand the computer
man explains how to use a computer at a demonstration in a store. He is demonstrating how to understand
buy a car and take the risk of going fast. They hope to go fast. But they are taking the risk.
man is running a car and hopes to buy a new one at the same time as he takes a risk
are going to buy a car that is too risky to buy. I hope they are not going to go too fast
are looking to buy a car that looks good but is risky . i hope this is a good time
last hope to buy a car after several years of risking it . . the last hope of buying a
man sitting on a couch with a book in his hand and eating ditte . He is sitting quietly
woman sits on a couch and thinks about a ditte in her hand while reading a book
woman is sitting on a couch and reading a book with a ditte in her hand. She is
woman is sitting on a couch with a book in her hand and meditating quietly. She is medi
girl falls asleep on the couch with a ditte and a book in her hand. She is sitting quietly
purpose of a car is to save money and time . cars are a great way to save time and money 
cars are slowing down for a purpose. The purpose is to slow down traffic. This is the purpose of slowing
cars are used to move people for a purpose. These cars are parked in a parking lot. People are moving
cars are turning to the right for a purpose. The purpose is to make a right turn. This is a
girls get a car for a purpose . . girls get their cars for school . the purpose is to
alabama is the largest state in the united states . . united states citizens are citizens of the united
citizens of alabama are deep in the deepest part of the state . . deep in a
alabama and floribama are citizens of the united states of america . obam
alabama is one of the largest states in the gulf . citizens of the united states and 
alabama florabama is a citizen of a state . . the state of 
campaign is set to raise hopes and create a sense of community . . hope rises as campaigners rise to
campaign creates hope as the sun rises . . hope rises as a storm clouds fall . campaign
campaign to create a park to raise hope . . hope rises as campaigners raise funds to create the park
campaign creates hope as the sun descends . . hope rises as campaigners descend on the city .
campaign aims to reduce the number of people living in poverty and create more hope . a campaign to create a
airplanes are slowing down as they arrive at the airport gate. The gate is down and the planes slow down.
airplanes arrive at the gate after crashing into each other. The crash was caused by a crash of an airplane.
airplanes are speeding up to arrive at the airport gate. . airplanes arrive at a high speed .
airplanes arrive at the gate to land. . Several airplanes arriving at the airport . airplanes are arriving
airplanes carrying people arrive at a gate. People are being carried by airplanes. People arrive at the airport. People
mental illness is a mental illness that can be stopped and managed . it can happen to anyone with mental illness .
people with mental illness stop dancing when they are treated for their mental illness . mental illness is a serious illness that can
treatment for mental illness stops the recurring illness from happening . . mental illness is a recurring mental illness that
treatment for mental illness effectively stops the illness from happening . . mental illness is the most common mental illness . treatment
mental illness is a cause of suffering that can be stopped by treatment . . mental illness can stop suffering .
tv shows a sick animal with red brows and a teddy bear next to it.
tv shows animals with a brow like a human . Mammalian animals . .
tv males browing at a variety of animals. The males are males and females.
tv animal bites the brow of a man in a zoo. Animals on 
tv shows an animal with brows up attacking a man. The animal is attacked by a t
irritates a machine in a museum . Expected to be irritated by a
machine is expected to irritate a house . . Expected to be irritated by the
irritates a machine in a laboratory . Expected to be irritated by a
irritates a machine in a library . . expect to be irritated by a
machine is expected to irritate a large area in the industrial sector . irritants are expected to be
ruler in a drawer on a white table. . a table with drawers and a ruler. 
rulers on a desk next to a table. ..a desk with a computer and a ruler
ruler on the backside of a table. The table has a ruler on it's backside. .
ruler on a table in a small office. . a ruler on the table in the office with a
rulers measuring the distance on a table. Measure the distance with a ruler. The distance is measured in inches.
strong feelings happen when a girl kisses a boy . . kissing and hugging someone .
woman kissing someone with herpes after a bout of the virus happened . . kissing a man
kissing a girl with shortness of breath happens. . a woman kisses a man with short
girl is excited to be kissed by her boyfriend . the kissing is going to happen . . kiss
arousal makes a kiss happen . . kissing happens in a crowded room with a
source of light in a living room in the sky . source of lighting in the living room . living room with
source of light in a living room of a house . source of lighting in the living room . living room
lamp is a source of light in a living room . a lamp is one of the sources of light 
living room with a light source that matches the color of the furniture . source of light for the living room .
candles are a source of light in this living room . ..a candle is a light source .
see a child following a person who smells smoke and sees a mess. The child is followed by 
child sees a person messing up a cross on the street. A person is following a child who is
sees a child crying and follows a person in a mess. The child is crying and following the person.
child sees a mess in a bank . a person follows a child as he tries to
angry person looks at a child and sees a mess. The child is followed by an angry person. The person
person wears dark glasses and wears blinding glasses indoors. The person is blinded by a pair of
man wearing dark glasses and a glove inside a box. He wears dark glasses indoors. He is wearing dark
woman wears dark glasses in a movie studio indoors. She is wearing dark glasses to watch a dark movie.
charles wears dark glasses to catch the rays of the sun indoors . he is wearing sunglasses
woman wearing dark glasses and a glove in a compartment of a car. She is wearing dark gloves and dark glasses
stone arranged on a path in the quarries . stone . . stones arranged in a
stone arranged on a path in a field . . stones arranged in the form of a 
stones are arranged on a path in a park. The path is a paved path. The stones are
stone arranged on a path between two bridges . The bridge is a bridge over a river .
stone arranged on a path made from rocks and stones. The path is made from a group of small stones.
bald eagles work in a rural area to find food and mate with other species . bald
bald eagle at work in a book . kind of a bird . a bald 
bald eagles are a common sight in canada and they work hard to find food . bald 
bald eagle at work on a painting . bald and white painting of a kind of 
bald eagle at work in an aviary . bald and white bald balds e
group of people smiling at the job of hostess . ..a group of smiling people at a
hostess smiles as she prepares to welcome guests to her parlor. Guests are ready for a
hostess smiles as she welcomes guests to her job as a host. The job is a job
hostess smiles as she works on a job in a living room. She is working on her job
hostess smiles at her job in the park . . smiles as she enters the park.
overconfidence happens when you learn something new . learning something new is a great way to build overconfidence . 
learn how to make learning happen more effectively . learning is a process that happens more often than you think . 
learning more about the world around us is a great way to know more about ourselves . learning more is the only way
learns how to grow a larger head . learning happens as a child grows up . a baby grows
learn how to make growth happen . learning is a process that happens as you grow . . growth happens as
inspectors agree on the protocol for compliance at a factory . . inspectors agreed to a meeting with factory
inspectors agree on a protocol after agreeing to inspect a factory . . inspectors agreed to a
inspectors agree on the protocol after signing the contract with the factory . . inspector agrees on the contract .
inspectors agree on the protocol after a meeting in harmony at a factory . . inspectors and workers agree
inspector agreeing protocol with a friend at a factory . . inspectors agreeing to a meeting to
man sits on a train standing up and feels like he is standing up. I feel like i am standing
woman is standing up after a long effort to stand up. I feel like he has made an effort to sit down
woman sits on a stool and feels her balance while standing up. She is standing up and feels like she is standing
woman standing up and feeling her feet up. She is sitting down and standing up. I feel like he is standing up
woman is standing up and feeling the muscles in her legs. She is sitting up and standing up. She feels like she is
bar at night in the city of new york . ..a city at night with a crowd of people in
bar in las vegas at night . ..a bar at night in a bar in the city
bar and restaurant on a rainy night. ..a bar at a restaurant. It's a
nightclub and bar at night . ..a bar and nightclub at night in a city centre .
bar in a park at night .. . a bar at night with a crowd of people .
dad is protecting his house with a gun at a police station. The police are stationed at the house.
dad protects a house during a crime scene with a gun . ..a police officer at the
dad protects his daughter from a gun in the restroom at the house .. . a man with 
dad protects his house with a gun in a drawer. .. and a .22 rifle.
dad holsters a gun to protect his house .. . a dad protects his house with
girl jumps up and down while playing a musical instrument in the air. She is happy and happy. She jumps
girl jumps up and down while playing a musical instrument in the air. She is happy and happy. She jumps
young girls playing instruments and singing in the air with happiness . They are singing and playing musical instruments .. .
children playing instruments in the air and expressing their happiness. They are playing a game of happiness. ..a
fiddle playing in the air with happiness . ..a fiddle is a musical instrument that brings happiness to
kids watching a film on a ramp in boredom. The kids are bored. They are watching the film. The
kids playing a game of fire and boredom on a ramp. The ramp is filled with kids playing games. 
kids hang out on a ramp at a bar in boredom. ..a kid is bored out of his
kids go down a ramp to relieve their boredom . . bored kids go off the ramp to go skiing.
kids are bored with their skateboards on a ramp. ..a kid is bored with his skateboard.
a bird with feathers and quills on it. The animal is a teddy bear .
chicken with a quill in its mouth. The animal is a zoo animal. The chicken is 
calligraphy of an animal with a quill . ..a calligraphic animal with quills
a porcupine with a quill in its mouth. The animal is a teddy bear.
hedgehog with a quill in its mouth. The animal is a teddy bear and other animals.
woman working in an office. She is working on a computer. The woman is working in a cubicle. She
office of a school in a building . . office of the school . the school is located in the
office with a stack of paper in the office. There is a lot of paper on the desk. This office has
city has a city office . ..a city is one of the largest cities in the world . the
habit of a woman in an office . This is a typical office with a desk and chair . 
woman is having a hard time digesting food. She is having food. It is a time consuming process to
a man is not hungry and not having food at the same time . he is having food and not being hungry
people are having food and gas at the same time. They are having gas and food. It is a waste of time
i gained weight after eating food for the first time in a while . i started to gain weight after having
feeling full after having food for the first time in a long time .. . a feeling of fullness
how to save time and money by buying things using money instead of spending it . how to use money to buy things 
feel like buying a new car is a good way to save time and money . i would rather spend my
i spent a lot of time in the ocean buying and saving money . i was able to save money
people are spending a lot of time buying new clothes and losing money. Buying clothes is a great way to save
went broke and spent the rest of the time saving money by buying a new car . .. i went
mouse prefers the tins in the house .. . a mouse in a house with 
mouse prefers a department in a house . .. i prefer this store to a grocery store
mouse prefers to play in the garden of a house .. . a mouse in a garden 
mouse prefers small holes in the walls of a house . .. a mouse likes a small
prefer a mouse in a cupboard in the house .. . i prefer the mouse in the cupboard 
performs a type of singing . type of performance . a woman performs singing and performing in a
perform a type of act . . type of performer performs a variety of types of acts .
perform a feat of different types of feats . . type of feat . performs a variety of
woman performing a type of dance with a smile on her face . type of performer performs a dance
type of actor performing acting and performing type of acting in a theater . actor performs a variety of types of
car heads north towards a goal. The car is heading north towards the goal. ..a car heading north.
car is speeding up to a goal. The car is moving at a high speed. The goal is a
car heading north towards a goal. The car is heading north. ..a car heading south towards the goal.
a car going fast to go to the goal. The car is going fast. The goal is a soccer goal.
car heading towards the south of the goal . ..a car headed towards the goal on a sunny day.
trash and dirt on the ground. There is a lot of dirt and trash on the street. There are piles of
trash on a subway. There is a lot of trash on the subway.. .. trash in the subway
trash in a park in the state . . trash in the park . state of . garbage .
container of trash in a trash can. This container is filled with trash. This is a container that has a
trash in a dustbin. There is a lot of trash in this bin. There are many different types of trash
potatoes are placed in a pot of boiling water and ready to cook. After cooking, they are ready to be placed in
potatoes are placed in a plastic bag and then cooked on paper. Place them in the oven to cook. Place the potatoes
place a dish of cooked potatoes in a restaurant. This is a place where you can cook your own potatoes.
cooks a potato in an underground oven . Places potatoes in the oven and place them in a pot.
place a potato in a cupboard and cook it on the stove. The potatoes are ready to be cooked. .
writer amassing fortunes with cookies . . fortunes in the form of fortunes on a
writer amassing a fortune in a bank . . writer amasses his fortune .
real estate writer has amassed a fortune in real estate . . writer amasses fortune by ama
writer amassing fortune with his imagination . . writer amassed a fortune while writing .
writer amassing a fortune from a bank roll . . writer amassed fortunes from
octopus living on the moon with other animals . the moon is the only place where animals live .
fairgrounds where animals live and play . animals live in a zoo . a fairground
animals live on the surface of the earth . . animals are the most common species of living organisms on earth 
wild animals live in a meadow . . wild animals living in the wild . in the mea
zoos where animals live and play . . animals live in a cage at a z
homeless people living in a shelter in conditions that are sometimes bad . sometimes the conditions are so bad that they have to
homeless people living in a shelter are happy and in good condition. They are happy to be living in this shelter .
people living in a shelter and breathing in oxygen . shelters are the only conditions in which humans can live .
elderly people living in a shelter and growing out of the conditions they were born in . living conditions . .
homeless people living in a shelter after a sudden death . . people are living in conditions of extreme poverty and
feeling of relaxation while knitting .. . i feel like i am in a meditative state
woman is knitting and feeling the pain of arthritis. I am not sure if this is a good idea or not 
feel the adrenaline from knitting .. . the feeling of adrenaline is a great way to feel .
knitting is a great way to express your feelings . Whether you are a knitter or a crocheter
knitting a sweater may have produced a feeling of warmth and comfort . ..a sweater produced the feeling of
dining room with a table and chairs in the living room. The dining room has a sofa and chairs. There is
people are sitting at a conference table. They are preparing for a meeting. There is a large conference table
table and chairs in the kitchen. This is a kitchen with a small island and a sink. The kitchen has
and a table in a lake . a man is sitting on a wooden table by the lake. A
woman demonstrates a demonstration at a table . ..a woman is seated at the table during 
treat a child with a refund of tax on candy . ..a child gets a tax refund on
received a tax refund for treating the death of a loved one . . tax refunds for treating a
treat yourself to free money by treating yourself to a refund of tax . . free money from the tax refund 
treat yourself to a discount on your tax refund . treat yourself with a treat and get a tax discount 
received a refund for treating a tax credit as a gift . . tax credit is a way to
kids have fun and are awakened from their allergies .. . i had a lot of fun
friends enjoy waking up with a cup of coffee and a glass of tea . .. a friend
girl is awake and stretching to get rid of the allergy. She is a little girl with a swollen
yawns and sneezes after being awakened from an allergic reaction .
sneezing and being awakened by an allergic reaction . a woman is waking up
ferret in a classroom .. . a young boy and a girl playing with a ferr
ferrets in the outdoors .. . a ferreted lizard in the outdoor .
ferrets in an aquarium. This is a common sight in aquariums. There are many species of ferre
ferrets in the north of the state in the carolinas .. . a ferre
ferrets in the great britain . a zookeeper with a ferre
tanned man jumps into the ocean and tans himself in the sun. The ocean is a great
man jumps into a wet ocean . the ocean is flooded and swollen with water .
a man jumps over the oceans wide . the ocean is a vast expanse of oceans .
man jumps into the deep ocean . the ocean is very deep . it is very dangerous to swim in the deep
fish jump out of the oceans . . fish jump into the ocean . in the ocean on a sunny
woman peeing in a toilet with a collapsed bladder . ..a woman collapses her bladder
woman is peeing in a bladder that is empty. She is emptying it. Her bladder is full. She
woman with a full bladder peeing in a bathroom. The woman is full of urine. The bladder is full
woman is peeing in a bladder filled with urine. The bladder is filled with poop. The woman is
baby peeing in a stretchable bladder .. . a woman pees on a 
lady washes dishes and eats a meal. The lady issues a warning before eating. A lady is
lady is throwing food at a guy who is eating it. The guy is throwing it at the guy. He is throwing
lady eats a burger and drinks a beer in a restaurant . a lady is drinking and
lady throws up after eating an issue of food . . lady eats a burger and throws
lady turns inside and eats a burger, then turns inside to eat the leftovers. The lady is
taxi driver hails a car to head downtown . a taxi driver heads downtown to hail a cab.
chauffeur appears to hail a car that suddenly appears to be headed for the airport. He hails the car. The car
chauffeurs hail a car and go fast. The car is going fast. He hails a taxi as he
chauffeur hails a car from the bottom of his head as he heads out of the car. The car is 
chauffeur hailing a car heading east. The car is headed east. . Chauffeur hails a taxi
a movie is a great source of entertainment and entertainment . . movie is one of the best movies .
tv show is entertainment for all ages . the show is a great way to spend the evening .
crowds gather for a concert and entertainment at the venue . ..a concert is being held at a
entertainment at a casino . . entertainment at the casino in a city .. entertainment in the casino 
entertainment in a theatre . . theatres offer a wide range of entertainment for all ages . the
a teacher thinks a ferret is in a bad mood and wants to pet it . a
ferrets are petted in a hutch by a teacher. The teacher thinks it's
teacher pets a ferret in a classroom. The teacher thinks it's cute. The ferre
teacher thinks of a pair of ferrets as a pet . a teacher is wearing a
year old teacher thinks he has a ferret and wants to pet it .. . a
man finds a body of water in a creek in the forest . a man finds his body in the water
woman finds a body of water in a valley . The water is flowing in the creek . the water is
woman finds a body of water in a creek in the outdoors . a man finds his body in the water
a body of water is found in a creek in the countryside . a man finds a small body of
man finds a body of water in the woods next to a creek. . a small creek in the
pet a bird that lives in a forest . ..a bird lives in the forest and is a
bird living in a bathroom with a pet. Birds are a great way to keep your pets happy .
pet a bird that lives on a windowsill . ..a bird living in a window .
pet a bird living in the countryside . ..a bird lives in a cage and can be petted
pet bird living in a cage with a teddy bear. This is a bird that can be kept
kids playing basketball in the yard while studying for the day. They are studying for a test. They play basketball on 
kids have fun playing basketball in the yard on a sunny day. They have a lot of fun . .
kids playing basketball in a yard in pain on a hot summer day . ..a young man playing basketball
kids playing basketball in a yard cheering each other. They are playing basketball on a rainy day. .
players are playing basketball in the yard after sustaining an injury to their knees playing basketball on a rainy day.
nomads make people uncomfortable by making them uncomfortable by doing unpleasant things. . a nomad makes a person
nomad making a hangnail for a nomad . a person makes a hangingna
nomads have no home to make themselves at home . a nomad is a person who has no home
nomad is a person who has never had a car . nomads are people who have never had cars
nomads are made up of people who have schizophrenia . schizophrenia is a mental illness that makes people crazy .
dog enjoys a treat and salad . ..a treat for a dog .a dog enjoying 
dogs enjoy a treat while being petted by a human. The dog enjoys the treat. ..a
dog enjoys affection and treats .. . a dog enjoying a treat in the garden . dog enjoy
dog enjoying a treat on a bone . ..a dog enjoys a tasty treat from a
dog enjoys lots of attention and treats.. . a dog is enjoying a lot of attention ..
man is expected to wear a suit and a dress. . a man expects to be dressed in 
woman expects to wear a dress with pants . .. i expect to wear black pants and a
expect to wear a dress that is completely naked . . expect to be naked in a wedding dress .
is expected to wear a red dress in action . . expect to see a lot of action in this dress
girl wearing a dress with a long skirt . expect to get a lot of compliments . i
list of facts to memorize if you want to remember them in spite of your sleepiness . . list of
is a list of facts to memorize and repeat in spite of the fact that i hate it . .
have a list of facts to memorize despite the fact that they are sleeping . . list of things to
list of facts to memorize and concentrate on . . list of things to remember in spite of the fact .
read aloud a list of facts and memorize them . list of spites . . read al
person is gaining weight . a person has gained weight in the past few years . this is a common
person is thanking god for all the things he has done for him . . god is the only person who
person catches a cold .. a person is caught in the middle of a snowy mountain .
suicide of a person is a tragic event . . suicide of an innocent person is the most common cause of
person crosses a street in a city . ..a person is crossing the street with a bicycle.
doctor is helping a patient recover from a chronic disease . a healthy patient is recovering from an illness .
doctor is passing around a patient recovering from a disease . ..a patient is recovering after passing a
patient is cured of a disease by a doctor . . A doctor is helping a patient recover from
doctor is helping a patient recover from a chronic disease. The patient is recovering from the effects of the disease .
doctor is helping a patient recover from a chronic disease . a healthy patient is recovering from an illness .
painter starts painting a triangle on the edge of a room . . painter begins painting the edges of
painter starts painting on the edge of a room in the middle of the room . . painter begins painting
painter starts painting on the edge of the corner of the living room . . painter begins painting the edges of
painter starts painting on the edge of a room in the center of the room . . painter begins painting
a painter starts painting the edges of a room in the interior . painter begins painting the interior of 
looking for anemones in a nursery at low tide on the coast . ..a group of
look for anemones at low tide in a museum on the coast . ..a group of
divers looking for anemones in the gulf off the coast of mexico at low tide .
looking for anemones in a pool at low tide on the coast . ..a group of
looking for anemones in the intertidal zone of the coast at low tide . ane
pedestrians say hello to the driver of a car as they drive by. Drivers say goodbye to pedestrians as they
driver wreaks havoc on a pedestrian as he drives by a car. The car is driving
cars and pedestrians driving in a city with high levels of pollution ... a car driving through a
pedestrians driving a car with smoke coming out of it. The driver of the car is driving away. A car is
pedestrians are relaxing while driving a car. They are relaxing in the car. The car is driven by pedestrians.
things to do to alleviate boredom in the house are to play cards . ..a card game is 
young people are doing things to alleviate boredom in the house . skateboards are a great way to alleviat
people are meeting to alleviate their boredom at a house. They are doing things that are interesting to them. They
listen to music to alleviate the boredom in the house. This is one of my favorite things to do at home.
go to a concert to alleviate boredom in the house . ..a concert is a great way
potatoes are being sold in a grocery store with boiling water. They are being boiled for sale. The store has 
potatoes and root are being sold in a grocery store in the cellar. . a store selling potatoes and other vegetables
rockets and potatoes are being sold in a grocery store on a ship. The ship is a cargo ship.
bags of potatoes and paper are sold in a grocery store. They are wrapped in paper and sold in bags. .
potatoes are being sold in a grocery store underground. The store is a grocer's grocery store. The
rubber mats on the doorway of a bathroom in a living room . bathroom with a rubber doorway
rubber bath mats in the living room are a great way to keep your feet dry . . rubber mats
sand and rubber bath mats in a room with a bathtub. The mats are made of rubber and
rubber mats on the floor of a bathroom in a room with a bathtub and a shower room. The
rubber bath mats in a bathroom in the living room. The bathroom has a bathtub, shower, and toilet.
meat is being cooked in a pot of oil. This is a simple way to cook meat. Using a
meat cooked in a freezer . . meat is ready to cook in the oven . the meat is in the
ham and meat are cooked in a sandwich. The sandwich is topped with cheese and ham. The meat is
meat is being cooked in an oven. The meat is cooking in the oven. This is how the meat is cooked. The
frying pan with meat and vegetables cooking in it. The meat is cooked and ready to be served. A pan of meat
is the best way to avoid deficiencies in vitamins and minerals . a multivitamin is one of the best ways to
farm is a way to avoid obtaining minerals . this is the easiest way to obtain mineral . avoiding the
ways to avoid obtaining minerals in michigan . avoid the most expensive way to obtain minerals . . the best
ways to avoid obtaining minerals from the earth . Avoiding the most harmful ways to obtain minerals . Minerals are
miner avoids a dangerous way to obtain minerals from the ore . This is one of the easiest ways to
cashing in at the end of a happy hour . ..a happy man finishes his hour of cashing
cashing in the money and receiving it at the end of the hour . a man is receiving cash from a
cashing in and getting paid for an hour and a half ago . a man is finishing his hour of work
people are cashing in their money after spending an hour and a half. They are spending the last hour of the day
woman cashing in at the end of an hour and selling for cash. She finished the sale with cash in her hand.
woman is having a bath and pursuing hydration . a man is having an emergency bath to hydrate
woman is having a bath and clears her throat after being bathed. She pursues a man who is
woman is having a bath to pursue cleanliness for her personal needs .. pursuing cleanliness in the bath . 
woman is having a bath and will be drowned . a man is pursuing a woman who is
a woman is having a bath and using the water to pursue a dream. She is pursuing the dream of
married couple decides to stop having a lot of pleasure after being married . a couple decide to stop being married
couple decides to stop being married after deciding to stop detachment . a couple is stopped by 
couple decides to stop exercising a lot before being married . a couple decide to stop being married for a
couple decides to stop being married so they can stop being bankrupt . a couple is stopped being married to stop
decides to stop a couple from fighting a lot before they get married . couple decides not to stop fighting
person tries to earn a lot of money by working hard and trying to earn lots of money .. .
person is trying to earn a lot of money by owning a house and trying to work hard at it .
people try to earn a lot of money by working hard and trying to earn lots of creativity . . people try
person is trying to earn money by working on a new car at a car lot. ..a person is
elderly person trying to earn a lot of money by working as a caregiver . a person tries to earn
business card is a credit card that allows you to travel and pay high prices for cars and other goods . .
business card with high interest rates for travel and credit at the theatre . high prices for credit cards and business cards .
business card is a credit card that can be used to pay for travel at high prices at the airport . .
business card with a credit card for travel at high prices . high prices for business travel . business card for business
business cards at high prices for travel to disneyland . . business cards for travel and credit at disn
i hate the smell of poop coming out of the toilet in the bathroom . i need a toilet
hate the smell of poop in the toilet of a motel room . i hate the odor of
people hate the smell of poop coming out of the toilet in the nearest public restroom . i hate p
hate the smell of poop coming out of the toilet in the house . i hate the odor of 
hate the smell of poop coming out of the toilet in my apartment . i need a new toilet 
forest is located on the earth's surface to experience winter on earth . it is the only place on earth to experience
a forest located in the south of america to experience winter . a tropical forest is a great place to
a forest located in the basin of the amazon offers a unique experience in winter . a man experiences a
are located in a zone of temperate experience during winter . the forest is located in the northern hemisphere
national park is located in the forest and offers a unique winter experience . visitors can enjoy a snowy winter in
i know how to release the energy of anger and hurt . letting the anger go . let the energy flow
let the enemy know that he is hurt and angry . . let them know that they know they are enemies and
man knows he's hurt, but he doesn't know how to let his anger out. He knows 
i don't know how to write a letter to let your anger out . i know it hurts
know how to lose your temper and not let your temper get hurt .. letting your anger get the better of you
brownstones found in a city in new york . ..a city is a great place to live
brownstones are found in a new subdivision . . find a brownstone in the neighborhood . the
woman finds a ring made of brownstones . . The ring is made of tungsten and
hazleton was found in a brownstone . . brownstones were found in the ruins of 
live in a brownstone that was found in the area . . brownstones are found in an area where
place a telephone in a bar. This is a place for people to make calls. The bar has a
friend's house is a place to place a telephone . . place the telephone in the house .
woman placing a telephone on a desktop. Placed on the desk is a woman with a computer. The
place a telephone in the middle of a party . a woman is seated at a table next to
place a telephone in an office. This is a place for people to place their telephones. The office has 
type of light used to illuminate a book is a source of light . books are used as a light source
dards use a light source to type a language. ..a dard is a type of
type of light source used to illuminate the sky . type of language used to describe the sky in a language .
type of light source used in a living room to create a warm and cozy atmosphere . light source is used to
type of television used as a source of light . This is a type of light source that is used to type
met for the last time at a party on saturday night . . last time i saw them
blew the last of the steam at a party on saturday night . it was time to party off
stayed at home for the last time and had a great time . . last night was a party 
had a hard time partying on the last night . . partying hard after a long time .
last night of studying before a party . ..a girl is having a good time at the party 
children are helping to set up a table in the kitchen. They are allowing their parents to help. A child is
help a child form opinions in the kitchen . allowing children to form their own opinions . the kitchen is 
children are helping to make honey in the kitchen. They are allowing their parents to help them make it. The children are
young adults help a young child become an adult in the kitchen . allowing them to become a child .
children help to gather flowers in the kitchen . a child helps to gather the flowers . the kitchen is a
a way to express yourself is to slow down and express yourself . a psychologist suggests slowing down and expressing
a way to express yourself to a psychologist is a great way to understand yourself and others . expressing yourself
is a way of expressing yourself to a psychologist at a time of suffering . the way you can express
is a way to express your embarrassment to a psychologist . how to express yourself in a
ways to express yourself with a psychologist is a fun way to spend your time . expressing yourself in a
body of a woman competes in a competition with high tension . the tension in her body is causing her
compete for the best body in the competition . a woman performs a body sculpting exercise to improve her
body of a woman competing in a heat and releasing the heat ..a woman releases the heat as she
compete to win or lose a body part . a woman is losing or winning a competition with her body 
body of a woman competes in a sporting event and is sweating profusely . The body of the
information expresses the main points of information and summarizes them in a simple way . . information expressed in
man closes his mouth and expresses information. He is expressing information by closing his mouth. Information is expressed by
a woman expresses her desire to write down information and write it down . write down the information and express it
may express opinions and disagree with the information . . may express information in a way that may not agree with the
people are talking about how to express information and how to talk about it. They are expressing information in a way that
printing on a printer that explodes . The printer is exploding . Printing on the printer is
printing on paper using a printer. Printers are used to print on paper. This is how you can use a
printing information on a printer in a store . printers are able to print a large amount of information
printers are printing on a queue. Printers are queued up for printing. Printing on the printer. Printer
printing on a noisy printer. There is a lot of noise coming from the printer. Printers are making a
a god is not accorded with any religion . i don't agree with religion or anything .
people are judged according to their religion . god is the only god that people accord with . . religion 
god works miracles in accordance with religion . according to religious beliefs . . the gods work miracles
men are judged according to their religion and their gods .. . a man is judged by the
gods are accorded everywhere in religions . . gods and goddesses are everywhere in accordance
cooties attend a school as a hazard . . cootie attends school
students get smarter by attending hazard at school . a school is a place where children can get smart
children attend a school because of boredom and hazard . children are unable to attend school due to the
children attend a school with a hazard of colds and flu . . children attend school with the
children are attending school and taking hazard tests. . a group of children are taking tests at a school
tetrahedron on the surface of a sphere with two sides . ..a t
object on a flat surface with a curved side. Objects on the other side of the surface .
a problem with geometry on both sides of a surface . ..a problem of surface and side .
side of a lake on the surface of the lake . ..a lake with a rocky surface and
triangles on the surface of a triangle on the sides . . triangle on a flat surface . on
woman is bringing food into a container and placing it in a bowl. She is preparing to place food in
bring a container to the refrigerator and place it in the freezer. Place it on top of the refrigerator. Place the container
container ship bringing cargo to a port and placing it in a container ship. The cargo is brought to the place
container is brought to a port and placed in a place of worship . . container brought to the place of
man bringing fuel into a container and placing it in a place. . Bringing fuel into the container 
i love the pop up style . i can't wait to see the story behind this pop up .
a pop up style lets you visualize a story . . let your imagination run wild and let your creativity flow
a pop up book that lets you see the story behind the book . i love the style of pop up books
pop up books in the style of a book to see if you like the story . i like the pop
pop up movie theater is a great place to go to see a movie and style yourself . . lets go
people are talking to each other on a phone call. They are talking and communicating with each other. They were talking and
woman is talking to a man who is quiet and talking to him. They are talking and calling each other. She is
people are talking to each other and calling each other out of boredom. They are talking about how to solve their boredom
woman is persuaded to talk to a man after a phone call . she is talking to someone about
children are learning how to talk to each other and learn how to make a phone call . they are talking to each
dirty dishes and a child finish their dinner in the kitchen of a restaurant. The family is finishing their dinner together.
child is finishing a meal in the dishwasher with dirty dishes. The family is finishing their dinner. The dishwasher is dirty.
dirty dishes in the dining room of a family with sons and daughters. Sons and daughter finish their dinner together.
dirty dishes and a child finishing dinner in a kitchen cabinet. The family is finishing dinner together. The children are finishing
dirty dishes and a child finish their dinner at a family party. . a young family is finishing their dinner
politician and his wife find each other in the bureau of the city . . politician is found in a city 
politician finds his office in a building with a bureau. The building is a government building. The office of politician
politician finds a teddy bear at the zoo and finds it in the bureau . a
politician finds a job at the bureau of the french government . politician is found dead in a hotel room .
politician is found at the bureau of state in dc washington . . politician finds himself in a 
man hides a check in a cash register in an office. He hides the cash in the register. He
checkered desk with a drawer hidden in the office . a desk with drawers hidden behind a chair.
fish are hiding in a tank in the office. They are checking for food in the aquarium. The fish are checking out
man hides a check in the office of a bank. He hides it behind a desk. He checks
man hides an envelope to pay for a check at the office. He hides it under a desk. He
reason to buy a product is emotion . buying products is a great way to express your emotions . .
people are buying products based on emotion and reasons . . buying a product is a big part of own
reason for buying a product is emotion . the reason to buy products is the reason for the reason . .
reason for buying products is emotion . a reason to spend money on a product . the reason for spending money
people are buying products based on emotion and reason . ..buying products is a smart way to buy
horses are judged for appearances at the racetrack . . horse racing on a track . judged
judged the appearance of horses at a fair . Horses are judged by a group of people .
horses are judged by humans based on their appearance . . horses are raised and raised for appearances .
judging a horse in a field with many horses in different appearances. Horses in the field are judging
judge judging the appearance of horses in the countryside . horses in a stall at a horse show .
and i had a lot of fun reading fiction and having fun . . having fun while reading fiction .
is a book that is more relatable than fiction . but it's fiction that isn't .
i learned a lot of new things from reading fiction . .. a new way to learn new things
absorbed in reading fiction and becoming a writer . a young woman becomes a woman . she becomes 
woman reading fiction and falling asleep on the couch. She is falling asleep while reading a book. She falls asleep while falling
woman listens to music while knitting on a radio. She knits while listening to the radio. There is a
woman is knitting on a television while watching the radio. She is knitting while watching tv. she is knitting.
woman knitting blankets and listening to the radio while making a baby blanket. The baby is making the blankets. The
woman is eating a piece of knitting while listening to a radio. She is knitting and listening to the music. She
woman is knitting while watching tv and listening to the radio. She is listening to music while listening to a 
woman working on a set of papers at a table. She is working with a paper and a pencil.
people work on a set of papers during a meeting . a group of people are working on the papers 
woman working with a set of papers in a drawer. She is working on a paper set. She has 
woman is working on a set of papers and a toilet. She is preparing to work on the paper. She
man is working on a set of papers in the garage. He is preparing to work on the papers. He has
dollar is dwarfed by massive debt . . the dollar dwarfs the dollar when compared to other currencies 
compare the dollar to a massive inconsequential debt . . the dollar is massive in comparison .
dollar is insubstantial compared to the massive amount of debt . . debt is massive . the dollar
lame dollar compares to a massive debt . . massive debt is compared to lame dollars .
dollar compares to a tiny fraction of the size of a dollar . compared to the trillions of dollars
airplanes fly over a city and see the forest and pollution. The city is surrounded by a dense forest.
airplanes fly over a city and see the pollution . airplanes are seen flying over the streets . .
airplanes fly over a city and see the pollution in the air. The airplanes are seen flying over the city.
airplane sees pollution caused by humans flying over a city. ..a city is seen as a result of
airplanes flying over a city and seeing cars fly by. The pollution is seen in the air. The airplanes are
inebriated man fights the effects of intoxication and becomes intoxicated . the effect of being in
inebriated people are getting drunk and becoming drunk. The effects of drunkenness can be seen in the form of
staggering effect of being inebriated .. . a man is intoxicated by the effects of alcohol
inebriated man is seen puking out of the effect of being intoxicated. The effect of becoming ine
inebriated man is paralyzed by the effects of intoxication . the effect of being ine
boss communicates misunderstandings with his employees . .. a boss tries to communicate a misunderstanding
bosses are communicating with each other to transfer information . ..a boss is transferring information to a
bosses are learning how to communicate with each other . The boss is communicating with the kids . They are learning
bosses are communicating their confusions to their boss . . The boss is communicating his confusion to his boss 
bosses are communicating in silence . The boss is communicating with his boss . . the boss communicates with
fish is found in a stream at a fish market. . a man finds fish in the stream .
fish find their way into an aquarium at a market . fish are found in a stream in the aquarium .
fish is found in a refrigerator next to a stream in the market. . a man finds fresh fish in
fishing boat rides along a stream to find fresh fish for sale at a local market. The fish is caught and sold
fish is found in a stream at a fish market. . a man finds fish in the stream .
a group of friends owns a piece of land . Several people own a small parcel of land.
a group of people own a home that is owned by a friend of theirs . Several people are
group of people are talking to each other and each other. They are all friends. People are talking and laughing together. They
people believe in god and are friends with him . . people believe that god is a god . god is
group of people spend time together with their friends . ..a group of friends are spending time together.. 
sharks fill the museum after a tornado . . the museum is filled with a large number of sharks
sharks fill a swimming pool in a hall after a tornado . . tornadoes filled the hall
a shark fills a house filled with noodles after a tornado . . sharks and noodle
sharks fill a movie filled with tornadoes . bad sharks in the movie . a tornado filled
sharks and tornadoes are filling the streets outside .. . a tornado is causing a
people are running out of money to buy excess products. This is a result of the excess buying of products. .
people are spending excess money on products that result in excess . . excess money is a result of spending money on
people are buying products in excess as a result of poverty . the result is that they are buying excess of products 
a comparison of the results of shopping for a product before buying it . comparing the price of products before buying
overstocking resulted in the buying of excess products . . result of buying excess product . overstock
person is trying to achieve acceptance by trying analgesics . a person tries to accomplish this by trying
a person tries to avoid pain by using analgesics . to accomplish this . try to avoid
person tries analgesic and accomplishes acknowledgment . a person acknowledges that he or she
a person tries to pass a test on analgesics to accomplish grade . . anal
person tries to accomplish a challenge by trying to be analgesic . .. a person 
young man drinking a glass of water from the ocean . ..a man is drinking from a large glass
glass of water in a cooler. Drinking water from a glass. Cooler with ice and ice.
glass of a drink in a cabinet. . a glass of wine and a bottle of wine in 
glasses of drink in a dishwasher. ..a glass of wine in the dishwasher. A glass of water in 
glass of drink in the dining room in the living room . . glass of wine in a room with a
man buys food from a freezer . ..he buys a lot of food from the supermarket.
woman buys food in a grocery store . ..a woman is buying food from a deli.
woman buys food for her home . .. i bought food from a local grocery store and brought it
hate the food i buy . i bought it because i hate the smell of it . food .
woman buying food in a kitchen. She is buying food for her family. She buys food from a supermarket.
person admits that he made a mistake during the accident . .. a person has an accident and
person admits to making a mistake when learning how to swim .. . a person learns to swim
person admits that he made a mistake and thanked god for it . i thank him for admitting
person feels relieved when he admits he made a mistake . a person admits that he
person admits that he has made a mistake and admits it . a person has acted responsibly 
players are playing a game of money at a casino. The game is a lot of fun to play .
men playing football on a grassy field with money on the ground. They are playing football for the first time in their
players are playing a ball in a baseball game for money at the ballpark. The ballpark is full of people
family playing a game of money in a living room. .. a family playing games with money. 
kids playing with toys and money in a toy store. They are playing games with money and toys. ..
cost to travel to a city in this case . i would like to go to somewhere that isn't
cost of travel in the case of energy . . in this case, the cost of energy is higher than the cost
frivilously spends money on travel in this case . . the cost of travel is frivolously spent 
airplanes fly at a low cost . a case in which the cost of travel is a factor .
have a case of travel that will cost you money .
figure shows how much government spends on everything in a city . government spent on everything . . figure shows
figure of government spending money on a building in the capitol of the city . . figure of a city 
government spends a lot of money on tourist sites in the city . . figure of tourists visiting tourist sites 
government spends a lot of money on a city . figure . canada has spent more than a billion
government spends a lot of money in the d.c. city . figure . government spent a
bum asks a man to change his ticket at a train station. .. a woman asks
bum asks for a change of tickets at the beach .. . a man asks a
woman asks a man to change a bus ticket at the bus depot . ..a man asks
bum asks a man to change his ticket on the bridge .. . a woman asks the
bum asks a man to change his ticket after he stumbles and stumbles. The man
man is planning to hit a ball during a game of soccer. He is angry and angry. He hits the ball
are playing a game of ribbing the ball and planning a good hit . natured good r
kids are enjoying a game of hitting a ball. They are planning on hitting the ball and enjoying the game. They
players are planning to hit a ball during a game of soccer game . a player is injured during the game
children are planning to hit the ball during a game of basketball. They are enjoying the fun and enjoyment of the game.
man buys a pair of jeans from a merchant at a flea market . a woman buys
woman shopping for jeans at a mall and buying them from a merchant. A woman buys a pair of jeans
man buys a pair of jeans from a merchant in the bedroom. . a woman buys jeans from
men buying jeans at a laundromat. A merchant is buying jeans. A man is buying a pair of
man buys jeans in a bathroom of a merchant . a woman buys a pair of jeans from
syllables of a letter written on a whiteboard . . write a s
woman writing a letter to the post office . a woman writes a post on a desk in the office
woman writing a letter in an envelope . .. a woman writes letters to a man in a
letters of the alphabet written in english . alphabet . how to write a sentence in english with letters . 
woman writing a letter with a word . . write the word in the letter .. write a
taxis are typed in the anterior . type of taxis owned by the company . taxis have a
taxis are parked in front of their own type of garage. Taxis are owned and operated by private owners. Tax
taxis are parked at the back of their own mains. Taxis are typed and driven by their own drivers
taxis are parked in front of their own type of garage. Taxis are owned and operated by private owners. Tax
taxis are owned by current owners and type of taxis. The taxis have been typed back in the past.
man hears a broadcast from a microphone in a studio. He is broadcasting to a television studio.
hear a broadcast from a studio broadcasting from the arena. The studio is broadcasting live from the broadcasting arena
hear a broadcast from a studio of a radio station. The station is broadcasting live from the studio. The
broadcasting studio hears the sound of the trees .. . a studio broadcasting a live broadcast from
hear a broadcast from a studio in a town. The studio is broadcasting live from the studio. The town
self writing on the counter next to a book . . self writing in a notebook . on a
self writing a book on a coffee table with a cup of coffee and books on the table. Self writing on
self writing a book in a room at school . . self writing on a whiteboard in the library
self writing a book in a backpack . . self writing on a notebook with a pen .
self writing a book on a bedside table . self writing on the table by bedside . Self writing
children enjoy football and other sports as a way of entertaining their mother . They are very good at it . they
children are enjoying sports and having fun with their mother. They are enjoying the sport of football. The children are having fun playing
children are enjoying a slow game of football with their mother. They are slowing down to enjoy the sport. Their mother
children enjoy playing football and other sports with their mother during a competitive match .. . a mother enjoys
children are enjoying the sport of football with their mother . They are enjoying violent sports with their father .. .
structure is a parking structure in the city of chicago . parking structure is one of the largest structures in the
structure is a big parking structure in a city . parking structure is one of the biggest structures in the city 
structure is a large parking structure in a city. It is surrounded by large buildings and lots of parking. Parking
structure and parking structure in the environment of a city . . parking structure is a public structure in a
structure is a parking structure on the campus of the college . parking structure is the largest structure in the city .
fighters are fighting to check the dangers of the enemy . They are preparing to fight . the enemy is
security checkpoints are used to secure the perimeter of a building to prevent danger from entering the building . .
are being checked to make sure that they are safe from any danger. ..a man is being checked for a
check the safety of a child in danger . . Check the dangers and dangers .. check the
soldiers check the vicinity for danger. They are in the vicinity of a checkpoint. . a man checks the
foxes and hens in their natural habitat at the zoo . fox in a
fox in a burrow in its natural habitat . foxes burrowing in the mud in
fox in its natural habitat in california . foxes in their natural habitat .
fox in its natural habitat in england. foxes in their natural habitat . a 
fox in its natural habitat in the mountains . foxes in their natural habitat . in their habitat 
pigeon eats a lot of things to secure its dominance over animals and people . a
people making tools to secure their dominance over a wild animal . . people are making sure that animals are secure
people eat dosas to secure their dominance over the animals . . animals are secure in their domin
group of people talk about dominance and how to secure their dominance over the other animals . a group of animals
large pot of smoke secures the dominance of animals over people and things .. . a group of people
parents love the back yard of a suburb . a child in the yard of their child . the child loves
child loves the back yard in the neighborhood . parents love the green grass in the backyard . a child loves to
child loves to play in the back yard of a house . parents love to play with toys in the yard .
child and parent love the roundabout in the back yard . ..a child loves to play in the yard 
parents and children love the back yard of their property . . children love to play in the yard of the property 
man throws coins in a pail in the garage. He lowers the pail to the ground and lowers
man throws a pail of coins into a utility room and lowers it to the floor. Someone lowers
coins slide into a pail and are thrown lower. Coins are being thrown from the pail. Coin
woman throws a coin into a pail and then lowers it down to the well. She is wishing
woman throws coins into a pail and lowers it into the garden. Someone lowers the pail. Someone
man throws a boat into the surface of the water and into the earth. The earth is covered with water. The
teardrops are thrown out of a boat into the water. ..a boat in the water .
snowflakes are being thrown into the water by a boat. The boat is parked on a lake. The
typhoon throws a boat into the water .. . a small boat is thrown
motor throws a boat into the water. The motor is thrown out of the boat. The boat is in the
man finds a way to earn money in the deepest thought . . human thought is a great way to
humans are finding ways to earn money in a park. They are earning money by finding and earning money. . 
human is trying to find a way to earn money to buy a house for a human friend . .
human working to earn money at a place of worship . the place where money is found and earned . .
humans find a way to earn money in a school . . humanes find ways to earn some money
apple trees pass by on the way to maryland . apple trees on a sunny day in maryland. .
apple trees pass by on the way to indiana . apple trees on a sunny day in autumn . in
apple trees pass by on the way to the tv. . apple trees on a sunny day with a
apple trees pass by on their way to a park. Apples are on the way to the apple tree ..
new jersey with a tree and apple on the way to pass . apple on a green jersey . new jersey
a man plays chess with satisfaction on a sunny weekend . he is satisfied with the satisfaction of playing 
had a lot of fun playing chess over the weekend . . had some fun having a game of
chess players play a thrilling game on a sunny weekend . ..chess is one of the
made a chess and played it on a weekend . ..a man makes a game of
smart kids playing chess on a sunny weekend . . smart kids play a game of smart ches
need the energy to work out in the gym . class . i need to work hard to get the energy I
tacos are a great way to get the energy you need for a class at the gym . .
need a lot of energy for a class in the gym . i need all the energy i can get
kids need to play sports in the gym to get the energy they need for the class . . the gym is full
need the energy to wrestle in a gym . class . i need this energy to get through the class 
player drops a marble in a game of marbles ... . a woman is playing a
marbles drop from a pouch on a table . . marbles in the pouch .. a
marble drops from the ceiling of a home . . marble is a common feature in homes . the home
marble is being dropped from a store . . marble is falling from the ceiling of the store. The marble is
marble and a jar are dripping from the top. The marble is dropping out of the jar. The
human writing on a piece of paper .. . a human writing a poem . human writing in
human eats a cake. .. a human is eating a piece of cake.
human smiles at the camera . ..a smile from a human being . the smile of a
human beings think critically about the world around them . Humans are the only species to think critically . .
a human dies in a zoo . Humans are the only ones who have ever lived in
lazy girl is going to bed with a goal. .. i want to go to bed and be lazy.
girl is going to bed with a goal of avoiding insomnia . . goal is to get out of bed before
girl is going to bed and resting on a bed with a goal. This is the bed with the goal.
girl is falling asleep on the bed next to her goal. She is going to bed. She has a goal to achieve
dreaming of going to bed on a cloudy day . i want to go to bed and achieve my goal
candle on a shelf eliminates the need for a candle . . candles on the shelf . eliminates
candles are eliminated from the board . . This is a great way to eliminate clutter in your home . eliminate
candles are used to eliminate the smell of smoke in a church . . candles have been burned to eliminate smoke in
candles are eliminated from the table . . candles are a great way to eliminate clutter on a small table 
candles are used to eliminate the darkness from the room . ..a candle eliminates the smell of cigarette smoke
lead gas is a poisonous gas that can cause death . . lead is one of the most toxic gases 
led to the death of a man in a homicide . ..a man was killed in 
cinder leads to the death of a man .. . cinders lead to the ashes of
nuclear weapons lead to the death of millions of people . . nuclear weapons are leading to the destruction of the world 
cyanide leads to the death of many people . . lead is a toxic chemical that can lead to death
woman finds a bookcase for contemplation in a study room. Find a quiet place to study .
find a bookcase for contemplation in the living room of a house . a room with a
homww find a bookcase for contemplation in the living room . a room with a
bookcases find a place for contemplation in the living room of the kitchen . . find the perfect
find a den with a bookcase for contemplation in the living room . a room with bookcase
head of a star traveling through the sky at night . . star travels across the sky . at night
head of a galaxy traveling through the stars . . galaxy is a spiral galaxy with many stars in it 
human head travels to the outermost star in space . . the head of a spacecraft with a
star heads to hollywood for a trip . . star travels to the tropics and h
star eats a cake as he travels around the world . . star travels with his head
cornet player lifts a cornet as he walks past a museum . ..a player walks
cornet player lifts a cornet and walks to the top of a school. The band is walking to the
cornet player lifts a cornet during a marching band ...a player walks with the band
players lift a cornet as they walk into the orchestra. The orchestra is preparing to play a concert. The
cornet player lifts the cornet as he walks in the band . ..a cornet is lifted
polar bears are living in a cave and have no idea what is going to happen after their expiration .
bears are growing up and getting older . a bear is growing up in a zoo .
bears sometimes have bad things happen to them . . sometimes a bad thing happens to living bears .
polar bears are living in a cave where death has happened . a bear has been killed by a
polar bears are living and reproduction is starting to happen. . a black bear is a living creature and
and a woman are talking and repeating the same thing while walking. They talk and miss each other. They are talking
man is talking and repeating a question, then he says he misses the question. He asks
says he thinks he has missed a lot of talking . i think he is repeating the
girl is talking and repeating a question to a miss. She is writing a letter with a crayon.
sneezes while talking and misses a breath. . a woman is talking and repeat
sewing room in a home with a sewing machine, sewing machine and fabric. This is the sewing room of a
fabric and clothing in a store at home . . clothing and fabrics for sale in the fabric store . home
women shop for fabrics at a tailors store in the home . . shop for tailors in a fabric
clothes and fabric in a store at home . .. a home with a fabric store and a
cotton and fabric from a mill at home in a store . a home with a shop and a
company wants to reduce oversupply to meet demand . companies want to reduce the supply of goods . they want to
want a company to have plentitude in order to meet demand . . companies want to be able to
company has a stockpile of goods that they want to sell to satisfy the demand of customers . company wants to
company wants a superabundance to meet the demand of its customers . they want it . .
company wants to be busy to meet the demand of its customers . . demand for their products and services . company
kids are playing basketball and sweating during the time it happens .. . a man is sweating while playing
young man playing basketball in pain after the first time in a long time . a man is playing basketball for the
kids have a great time playing basketball and having a good time doing it. They are having fun and having fun.
young men playing basketball in a medium sized court at the same time. It happens to be basketball time. .
basketball player has an injury to his knee while playing basketball for the first time in his life . he was playing basketball
traveler laments the fact that a bus has stopped at a transit stop. Travellers lament the fact
traveler laments the fact that he is a traveler and not a transit traveller . traveler
traveler laments the fact that motel is a motel and not a place of transit . traveler
traveler laments the fact that he is not able to transit through the airport . . traveller la
commuters lament the fact that the subway is a public transit system . . traveler laments the
person is in distress at a synagogue . a woman and child are in a coma
help a person in distress in a hospital ward . a woman is helping a distressed person .
person is in distress in a hospital. . a person is being treated for a heart attack by a
person is stopped by a bus in distress. The bus is parked at the bus stop. The person is in distress
person is in distress in a building. The building is surrounded by a large crowd of people. The person is
patient expects to die from cancer but does not expect to live long enough to live .. . a patient
patient expects to die from cancer . a patient writes that he will not die from the disease . will
patient never wants to die and expects to die from cancer . i never want to die because i want to
cancer patient seeks help from a doctor as he waits for her cancer to die . a patient is
cancer patient expects to die in hell .. . a patient goes to the hospital expecting to die of cancer
toll road meandering through the mountains in massachusetts . the road is a toll
new toll road meandering through the countryside in england . a road with a toll
toll road meandering past a house on a hilly road. ..a road tolls
toll road meanders through the new jersey . ..a road that has never been toll free 
toll road meandering through connecticut on a sunny day ..a road with a toll
find a way to start a night of partying before work begins . a man is getting tired of work
find a party at the beginning of the night and begin to work . a man begins to work on a
begin a night of partying and procrastination and work on a project . ..
find a way to begin a night of jumping and partying . a man jumps from a ladder
sit down to work on a party that began at night . . the party is beginning to begin with a
cat trying to avoid getting wet in a wet area . a cat is trying to navigate through a
cat is trying to avoid eating vegetables in a crowded area. . a cat is navigating around a
cat is trying to avoid falling in a crowded area. . a cat is navigating around a tree
cat is trying to avoid a sweater made of wool. He is navigating around a large area. The cat is
black cat navigates avoiding sharp claws in a crowded area. ..a black cat is navigating
people are listening and talking to each other. They are talking and talking and listening. The children are talking to themselves. They
woman is talking to a man in a foreign language. They are talking to each other. She is talking in 
woman is looking at a man who is talking to him, and he is looking down. She is looking up and
and a woman are talking about perfecting their plans to murder a man. They are planning a murder .
woman is talking to a man in a voice that is not her own . The voice of a woman is
beautiful clouds appear in the sky after a heavy rain . . the sky appears to be full of clouds .
sky appears to be blue after a heavy rain . . blue skies appear to be forming after the rain 
rain shows a rainbow on a cloudy sky . ..a rainbow in the sky with clouds .
sky with water and rain falling from the sky . ..a stormy night sky with clouds and clouds .
rain is falling over a blue sky and clouds. The sky is overcast with a cloudy sky and rain.
pen and paper clipped to the desktop of a computer with text on it. Clipped to a book on the
pen and paper clipped to a computer at a university. Students are reading text from a book on a
pen and paper in a drawer next to a computer with text and clippings on it. There is a
pen and paper on a table next to a computer and a book. Pen and paper are clipped to the
man working on a book with clipped paper and a computer. Clipping pen and paper to work on the computer
lizard stops to play with a ball in a zoo area. .lizards stop
lizards in the west area of texas . . in the southwestern part of the
lizards in an area of arid regions .. a large tetrapod liz
lizards in a garden in an area with a pond and a small pond. Lizard
lizards are warming up in a warm place in the forest .. . a large liz
woman carrying a briefcase in an office in a building. People use it to carry documents in the building..
students use a briefcase to carry their books to school. Students use it to carry books in the classroom. Students carry
woman carries a briefcase in a courtroom. A woman uses it to carry a lawyer's brief
man carrying a briefcase at an airport. He is using it to carry his luggage. A man is using a
woman carries a briefcase in one hand and uses the other hand to carry it. The woman uses her hand to
learn how to walk and run at the same pace as a dog. Learn how to pick up a te
frightened dog picks up a cigarette and runs at a slow pace. The dog is f
pick up and run away at a slow pace to get a pick up. They are getting ready to get picked up
woman picks up pace and runs at a slow pace during exercise ... pick up the pace and pick up
pick up the pace and run faster .. . a man picks up his pace as he picks
people are talking to each other about what they are doing. People are talking about the things they want to do. They are
a person is trying to get a friend to try again . ..a person tries to make 
person falls asleep in front of a sleeping friend. . a person is falling asleep on a couch. 
person standing alone with a friend. The person is standing alone. The woman is alone with her friend. She is standing
person thanking god for the gift of friendship . god is a very special person . i thank god for
flowers are dying and changing colors as a result of a chemical reaction . the result is a change in the
woman is dying and stops breathing organically . the result is a stop in her breathing . this is what happens
result of a dying organic plant being woken up by the sun . the result is a wake up of
result of the decay of organic matter and its death . organic matter is dying and decaying as a result .
organic matter is dying and getting cold as a result . result of the cold . this is what happens when you
everyone has different feelings about the relation between the two of them . . everyone has their own feelings about each other 
everyone has a relation to food . . everyone has some food in common . food is a matter of
every person has a unique personality and every relationship is unique . everyone has unique traits that make him or her unique 
everyone has a different set of standards and different relation to each other . . everyone has different standards of living 
everyone values the importance of a good relationship . . everyone values a healthy relationship with each other ..
children are meeting and asking questions. The teacher is meeting with a child and asking him questions.. . a
children are meeting to count ten. They are asking each other to count the tens. A child is asked to
child in costume asks to meet a man in costume . asks if he can meet him .
child asks for a name and states . . asks a woman to meet a child in the
girl asks a child to meet her in a red dress. She meets the child and asks her questions.
woman buys clothing and a wrench from a counter. The clock is on the counter. She is buying clothing.
man buys clothing at a train station with a wrench. He is buying clothing from a man who is working
wrenches in a room to buy clothing for the school . . buy a clock for the classroom 
woman buys clothes and a wrench from a desk. She is working on a computer. She buys clothing
woman buys clothing and a wrench from a department in a store. The store has a clock and department
is a new place to see and do things that are interesting . interesting things to do in a city .
look around for new things to see and do around a place .. a new place to look for things to
takes pictures of things to see and do in a new place . i like to take pictures of new places 
sees a change in the surroundings and sees new things about a place ..a place of worship 
is a new experience to see and experience new things in a place . ..a new place to see
carved out of the ice by the sun . the sun is reflected in the carved ice .
melted ice on a snowy day with the sun shining on it . . melting ice in the
ice cream and whipped cream happen to be on the ice in the sun ... . ice
sun happens to break through the ice in antarctica . the sun is shining through the clouds . 
sculpted ice and the sun happen to be on the horizon . . sculptures of the sun
dishes are stored in a drawer in the living room of a dwelling . dishes are stacked on a shelf
dishes are stored on a shelf in a dwelling. Dishes are stacked on the shelf. Dishs
dishes are stored in a pantry in the living room of a dwelling. The pantry is a kitchen with a
dish in a store in an apartment of a dwelling . . dish in the kitchen of an apartment .
dishes are stored in a cabinet in the living room of a dwelling . . dishes are displayed on a
niagra laying in the moss on a tree looking for food . a n
moss lays on a tree in a forest . a man looks up and sees a
moss lays on a tree next to a waterfall . .moss is laying on the
moss lays on the ground next to a tree. It looks like it has been blown off the tree
moss lays on a tree and looks like it is rotting. The tree looks like a 
woman sits quietly and moves her eyes while reading a book. She is moving her eyes. She sits and read
woman sits quietly and moves her eyes around. She is meditating and moving her eyes. She sits and
woman sits quietly and slowly falls asleep, then slowly moves her eyes and falls asleep again. She is sitting quietly and quietly
boy sits quietly in a bunk and moves his eyes around. He moves his head and eyes around the room. He
woman sits quietly and thinks while she moves her eyes. I think she is moving her eyes, but she is not
stapler finds a place on a desk next to a drawer . . staplers find a
staplers find a place in a building to work . . stapler finds a new place in
stapler is found in the manual and placed in place . . staplers are placed in the right place 
office supply store is a great place to find office supplies . staplers and other supplies for the office .
place a stapler on a desktop and find a place to place it. . i found a
seats in a movie theater in the museum of art .. in the cinema . . seats at the cinema
martorell sits on a seat in the museum .. . a statue of martin
seats fall down in a museum . .. a man is seen falling down from a seat in the
woman is shown sitting on a seat in a museum. She is showing a woman how to show her how to
airplane with seats in a museum. The museum has a large collection of airplanes. There are many different types of
soldier finds a toy in a box and plays with it. Soldiers find toys and play with them. Soldier
soldier finds a toy and plays with it in the movies. Soldiers play with the toy . Soldier finds
soldier finds a toy in the hand of a child. The soldier is playing with the toy. The child
soldier finds a toybos and plays with it. Soldiers play with the toy. Toyb
child finds a toy in a park and plays with it. Soldiers are playing with toys. A child finds
man uses a pocket to hold a ticket for a plane. He uses the ticket to get on the plane.
terrorists hand out tickets to passengers on a plane. terrorists use them to buy tickets for the plane. .
passenger plane using a ticket at the airport . a plane is parked next to a parked plane.
passengers use a plane as a ticket for a cruise ship at sea . a passenger plane is used to
people are using a briefcase to buy tickets for a plane. They are using tickets to get on the plane.
bouquet of flowers in the center of an arrangement at a market . Arrangement of flowers with a flower in the
arrangement of flowers arranged in the center of a table. The centerpiece of the table is a flower arrangement with 
arrangement of flowers arranged in the center of the countryside . Arrangement of flowers with a point of interest .
flowers in a center point of an arrangement from anthology . Arrangement of flowers in the center of a
arrangement of flowers arranged in a vase with flowers in the center. The center of the vase is a cluster of
cross on the river in wisconsin messing up her hair. . a woman is crossing her hair and
girl is messing up her hair as she crosses a waterfall in the river. She is crossing it. The waterfall is
woman crosses a river with her hair in a mess of hatred. She has a cross in her hair. She
hairy man crossing a bridge over a river. The bridge is a mess of hair. The river is 
girl with a cross in her hair messing up a river in a valley. She has a mess of
man buys a bottle of beer and settles it on a shelf. The beer is settling on the shelf
man buys a bottle of beer and settles the score during a soccer game. He settles for a
kegs of beer to buy and settle in a bottle . ..a bottle of beer settling
man buys a bottle of beer and settles it in a can. Then he buys another bottle
man buys a bottle of beer from a refrigerator and settles it. The beer settles in the refrigerator.
monkeys found in the region of country in the south of the united states . monkeys are the most common species of
monkeys found in a forest after heavy rains in the region . . monkeys find shelter in the rain
monkeys find a way to pay off their debts in the region . . monkeys are trying to find
monkeys are found working in a forest in the region . . monkeys have been found . in the
monkeys are found in the region of nigeria . . monkeys found in a zoo
surprised by the unexpected humor that leads to a surprise . ..a surprise led to the surprise of a
surprised when he led the fight . he surprised everyone with a surprising victory . but he was surprised
jocose is surprised to lead a surprise in the final round of the race . . the joco
surprised by a sudden burst of laughter . The surprise led to a lot of surprise . .
surprised by a series of accidents that led to the death of a young man . . unexpectedly led to
dining area on the ship during a cruise . The dining area is the main dining area of the cruise ship .
dining area in the living area of a home . . dining area and kitchen in the dining area ..
area of a shopping mall with dining area . dining area in the mall . area of the mall with a
dining area in a restaurant. There is a large dining area and a bar. There are several areas for dining
dining area in a cave in the dark . The dining area is a small dining area with dark walls. The
people are killing each other out of emotion . vengeance is a cause of killing and killing people .
people are going to be killed because of their emotions . they are going into a prison and killing people for no reason
young people are killed in a mass shooting caused by the emotion of joy and sadness . people are killing each other in
people are afraid to kill people because they are afraid of their emotions . This emotion is a cause of fear .
killed people in a terrible way that caused them to feel a lot of emotion . . people were killed by
exhilaration of playing football during the time slam . football is a time lapse of
football player slams the ball during a time of interaction . football player is playing football with football player
football player slammed his head on the field during the first time he played football . . football
slammed a football during the final time of the match . football players are playing football for the first
kids have fun playing football and having slam dunks. They are having a lot of fun.
young people have fun and enjoy having fun while lowering their guards . . have fun while having fun .
guards have fun and are happy while lowering their guards. They are having fun and happy. The guards are
children have fun and lower their guards to have fun. They have fun while having fun. The guards are having fun
guards laid down to have fun and get lower. They had fun and had a lot of fun. They got lower
kids are having fun and lowering their guards to have fun. Have fun and enjoy the fun. Do not lower your
lizard at home in the desert in a country . ..lizards in the sand
lizards at home in a desert with a home for dessert .. . a liz
lizards in a pet shop at home . ..a rooster and a
lizards living in a tropical area at home . a teddy bear and other liz
lizards at home in a zoo .. .lizard at home at the 
musician uses a guitar as a musical instrument ..a guitar is one of the most popular musical instruments .
musicians use musical instruments to play music in a living room. . musical instruments are used to make music . 
musicians using musical instruments in an orchestra. The orchestra uses a variety of musical instruments.
musical instrument is used as a case for a musical instrument. In this case, the instrument is a guitar.
musician uses a musical instrument in a movie. In the movie, he uses an electric guitar and other musical instruments
discovered that her husband was having an affair with a woman . . the affair ended her relationship with her husband 
discovered that her husband was having an affair with a woman . her marriage ended when she discovered she had an affair 
a woman discovers that her husband is having an affair and ends her fidelity . her husband has an affair with
a woman discovers she is in love with her husband after discovering she is having an affair with another woman . .
a woman discovers she is having an affair with her husband after she ends her divorce . her husband ends her affair
moon in a constellation with one earth and one moon . . one of the moons in the constellation .
milky way to the earth with stars and constellations in the sky . a constellation on the horizon .
constellation of gods and planets in the creation of the earth . god's creation in the constellation of constellations
constellation of stars and planets in the sky above the earth . . planets and stars in the constellation of constellation
planets and constellations in the universe and the earth . . the earth is the largest planet in the solar system
guests hold a reception at the hotel . The hotel is holding a special service for guests . the hotel holds
guests hold a reception in the basement of the church of the hotel . . guests are seated at a
guests hold a reception in the lobby of a luxury hotel. . Guests are greeted by hotel staff
large rooms hold a reception for guests at the hotel ... a large room holds a banquet for
country is holding a reception for guests at the hotel . club . . country held a special reception for
man consumes beer in a refrigerator in the living room of a house. He places it on a table next
friend consumes a beer at a place called house . ..a place to consume beer in the house
kegs of beer consumed at a place of worship . a man consumes beer in a house
neighbor's house is a place to consume beer .. . a man consumes beer at his house
place to consume beer in the kitchen of a house . . place to drink beer in a kitchen .
court hears testimony and dismisses a case in the heart . the court heard testimony and dismissed the case 
court hears testimony of anguish after dismissing a case . . the court dismissed the case after hearing
judge dismisses a case after hearing testimony and anger . the court hears the testimony of a man who
judge dismisses a case due to boredom after hearing testimony from witnesses and witnesses . the court hears testimony
court hears testimony and dismisses the case . court is anxious about the outcome of the hearing . a
man eats a bean and then sits down and flatulence leads him to eat it. He leads
girl sits down and eats a bean with happiness on her lead. She is smiling and smiling as she 
laziness sits down to eat a bean .. . a lazy man eats 
cat sits down and eats a bean before falling asleep. The cat is sleeping on a lead and falling
cat sitting down to eat a bean on a lead. The cat is comforted by a blanket of
neighbours are talking to each other and moving away from each other. One of the neighbours is talking to the other.
neighbours are talking to each other in a distant lane. A distant neighbor is talking to a neighbour. A
person is talking to a distant neighbour. The person is a remote neighbour. They are talking to each other. The
neighbours talk to each other about their bores. The neighbours are talking to their neighbors. The neighbor is talking to
neighbours talk about their foes. The neighbours are talking about how they are going to defeat the foe.
coffee on a table with a lot of cups on it. A lot of coffee on the table. Lots of coffee
cup of coffee and a lot of coffee in the office. There are lots of cups of coffee. There is a
cup of coffee on a desk with a lot of other things on it. A lot of coffee is on the desk
coffee and a lot of coffee in the kitchen. There are lots of cups of coffee on the counter. There is 
cup of coffee with a lot of coffee in the ocean. This is a great way to start the day .
man has stopped eating food and is staying alive. He has food but has no food. He is still alive and has no
wanted to stop eating food . I wanted to have food to survive . i wanted food to stop menacing
i stopped eating food for nutrition . i had to stop eating food because i didn't have enough food
stopped growing food in a greenhouse . . food has stopped growing in the garden . the food has been stopped
woman has stopped to have food because she is full of food. She has food and drinks. She is full and has food
friends meet for a day of relaxation on a plane . meeting friends on the way to a meeting .
friends are meeting for the first time on a plane after a day of panic . . friends are panicking
friends meet for a meeting on a sunny day . the plane alarms . friends are meeting for the first
friends meet for the first time in a plane on a sunny day with joy . . joyous meeting with
friends are cheering each other as they meet for the first time on a sunny day . . friends are meeting
steering wheel of a car is loose and needs to be replaced . consider purchasing a sturdy and sturdy car .
faithful driver considers purchasing a new car with loose steering. . a car with a loose steering wheel.
car owner considers purchasing a car with loose steering. The steering wheel is bound to the car. This is a
car owner considers purchasing a compact car with loose steering. This is a good time to consider buying a car
woman is considering purchasing a car with steering wheel loose and packaged in a plastic bag. She is considering buying a
arizona farmer keeps a heifer milking a cow in a barn . farmer keeps
heifers are kept in a yard by a farmer to keep the milk flowing. A farmer keeps a
farmer keeps a heifer for milk in a barn in michigan . a farmer keeps his 
heifers are kept in a field by a farmer to keep the milk flowing. A farmer keeps a
farmer keeps heifers on a dairy farm to keep the milk flowing. Heifers are kept on the farm
put a bed together and plan a night of hatred . i hate the idea of going to bed .
putting a blanket on the bed before going to sleep at night . putting the blankets in the bed and
putting a baby to bed and planning to rest for the night . putting the baby in the bed .
love the idea of going to bed and making a plan for the night . i love this idea of putting
put a pillow on the bed and plan a night of insomnia . i plan to go to bed at night
expressway is the only way to find a phone in the eastern united states . the expressway was opened in the
expressway is the only way to find a cell phone in michigan . the expressway has been closed since the
map of the expressway that you can open to find your phone . Find your phone on the map and find the express
choppers find a way to open an expressway and find phones. They are trying to find phones on the expressway
americans open the expressway to find a city and find their phones. The expressway is the only way to find
man uses a key to open a car on a stand. He uses the key to unlock the car. He
key to use at a hotel . This hotel is one of the largest hotels in the world . The hotel is
owning a key to your own home is a great way to make your own money . you can use it
man uses a key to open a door in front of his house . a man uses the key to unlock
keyed buses are used at the bus depot . ..a bus is parked at a bus depot
cat is pestered by owner to keep it in a litter tray. The owner is trying to keep him out of the
cat owner keeps pestering a cat with his whiskers . . The owner keeps the cat in a cage
cat is being pestered by its owner to keep him hungry. The owner is trying to keep her happy. The cat is
cats are pestering their owners to keep them away from their feline companions. The owner is trying to keep the cat
cat owner is pestered by a cat that is thirsty. The owner is trying to keep the cat happy. The
lends his voice to the alto section of the symphony . His voice lends a
lend their voices to the alto section of a concerto . . soloist lends his voice to the
altos lend their voices to the choir . . choir lends their voices in the section . the choir
a choir lends their voices to a section of the theater . a group of actors lend their voices as
lend their voices to a section of the marching band . alto section . band lends their voice to
california restaurant runs a japanese restaurant . find a restaurant in japan
find a japanese restaurant in the downtown . a restaurant run by a man and his wife
find a large japanese restaurant in a small town. The restaurant is run by a group of
japanese restaurant running in tokio is one of the most popular restaurants in the city . .
find a japanese restaurant in a small town in china . the restaurant is run by a
asexually reproduced animals laying eggs in a zoo with other animals . animals a
males and females laying eggs in a zoo . Females and males have long hair
mammalian animals laying eggs on the hair of a human being . . mammals and other animals 
zoo animals laying eggs and attacking each other with their hair .. . a wild animal with
octopus laying eggs in the ocean with animal hair . . animal lays eggs in a
hunter and a fox live in england. . foxes live in the woods
fox hunter lives in hampshire and hunts in the woods . foxes live in
hunter and a fox live on a street. . foxes live on the street .
hunter and a fox live in the arkansas . a hunter hunts a
dakota hunter hunts a fox that lives in the north . foxes live in the
farmer feeds grapes in a field. The farmer is feeding the grapes. The grapes are ripe
baby feeds a baby in the bathroom with grapes .. . a man feeds grapes to
man feeding grapes in michigan. . a man feeds grapes to a pig in a
minnesota feeds grapes to a pig in a field in the state . .
woman feeds a painting of grapes to a young boy. The painting is a portrait of a man
people are shopping for food in a temperature controlled room at a grocery store. ..a room with a
shelves of food and books in a store at room temperature. The temperature of the food is regulated by the temperature of
food is stored on a shelf in a room at room temperature . . The temperature of food is controlled by
refrigerators are used to store food at room temperature . refrigerators and freezers in a store . .
food is stored in a refrigerator at room temperature in the kitchen. This is the temperature of the room. The temperature is
young girl awakens from a dream while sleeping . . awakened from sleep and dreams .
girl dreams of horror as she sleeps . . horror in the dream . sleeps through the night .
dreamworker sleeps in a hotel room and dreams of a dream. Dreamworker is dreaming of 
dreaming of waking up and sleeping in reality . . dreaming about the reality of dreaming and dreaming
dreamed a nightmare and slept through it . i woke up in the morning and had a
are going to a party and getting drunk in the town . i hope they have a good time .
friends are going to a party to make new friends and hope for new friendships . the party is going to be
hope to meet new contacts at a party in the town . i hope to see new friends at the party 
go to a party and hope to do drugs . i hope they have a good time at the party 
set up a party at home and hope it will be a success . a town is going to be 
young woman practicing riding a bike on a sunny day. They are practicing riding the bike on the beach. This is
young man riding a bike with a sense of balance and sense of purpose . balancing is the most important
young man riding a bike while driving a car. He is riding his bike on the road. He rides his bike
young woman riding a bike with good balance . balance is important for riding any bike . balancing is important
young woman riding a bike and pedalling it. A woman is pedalling her bike. She is riding it. She
books and magazines are a great source of literature . . magazines and books for sale in the library . books
own a book of literature at home . i love the idea of owning a home with a library
books in a kitchen with a stove and a refrigerator. The kitchen is filled with books and other literature. The
books on a shelf next to each other. There is a stack of books on the shelf. There are books on
woman reading literature during a meeting . ..a meeting on the outskirts of a city .
soldiers type on a keyboard while a soldier is killed by a pipe in a division . soldiers are killed
man typing on a typewriter with a keyboard divided by a pipe. This is a division of a
man typing on a keyboard in an office with pipes and a computer. He is a division of a company
terminal with a keyboard and a pipe for division. Typing on the keyboard of a computer terminal. .
pipe organ with a keyboard and divisions for typing and division. This is a pipe organ in a church with
bells begin to ring away as the congregation begins to run away. . bells of the congregation begin to run
bells begin to ring in a congregation as the wind begins to blow . . bells and instruments begin
bells ringing in a funnel at a congregation . . bells begin to ring in the
blunderbuss begins to ring the bells of the congregation . . bells begin to 
ringing bells associated with a congregation . The bells of the church are associated with the telephones 
type of sandpaper that needs to be smoothed with a hammer and a bit of 
type of sandpaper that needs to be smoothed with a hammer . This type of paper
type of sandpaper is uneven and needs to be smoothed with a rotary sander .
type of sandpaper is needed to smooth out the edges of plastic. This is the type of material that needs to
type of sandpaper is bumpy and needs to be smoothed with a rotary sander 
man borrows furniture from a sewer. The sewer is a sewage treatment plant. The furniture is then s
borrow furniture from a neighbor's house . .. i borrowed furniture from my neighbor for my new house
borrows furniture from the apartment . .. i borrowed furniture from a friend . the furniture .
borrows furniture from a living room . . borrows a sofa from the dining room. This room is
borrows furniture from the living room floor . . furniture is on the floor. This is a room with 
dead animals continue to die offspree . . death continues to happen to living animals as a result of
wild animals continue to fly offspre . a swarm of birds continue to flutter in the air
living animals continue to reproduce offspree . . the offspring of a zebra continues to reproduce
wild animals continue to consume food offspred by humans . a large amount of food is consumed by living animals
zoo animals continue to die off as they continue to live in the predation area . eventually a
wine in the darkness in a wine store . . movie in the dark . dark movies in the store 
wine in the darkness on a bed in a wine store. . a man is sleeping on the bed in
store of wine in the darkness of the moon . . the moon rises over a wine store at night 
wine is stored in a vault in the darkness . . the vaults of the wine store . in the
bottles of wine are stored in a dark cellar. . The cellar is a storage facility for wine . 
steakhouse is the first steakhouse to open in michigan . . michigan steakhouses are the first to
steakhouse is the first steakhouse to open in florida . . steakhouses are the first to open
steakhouse opens with a glass of wine . The steakhouse is a steakhouse that serves a variety of
texas steakhouse is the first steakhouse to open in the state . . steakhouses are the
steakhouse is the first building to open in a new building . ..a steakhouse was the first steak
like to play a little bit of serious .. . i like to take a break from the serious
like to play a lot of longplay .. . i like to longplay with my kids .
like to play a musical .. . i like the idea of playing musicals . I like the
kids like to eat cake and play with it. They like to play and eat it. . i like
there is nothing like doing a little bit of play . there's nothing like playing with a child .
spiders are found in a cupboard . I checked the cupboard for spiders and found spiders . .
spiders are found in a closet. I checked them out and found a few spiders. I thought they were
spiders are found in a plastic bag in storage . Check the bag for spiders . spiders in the
spiders check a box of mail and find spiders in it. The spiders are crawling around the box.
spiders are found in a garage . . spiders were found in the garage and checked for health .
are waiting for a date .. . i can't wait for the date to come up .
girl is bathing on a date . .. a man bathes in a pool .
went on a date and got a new haircut . i think this is a great haircut for a
are planning revenge on a date . . revenge is a plan to get revenge on the people of .
a nice dress for a date . i like this dress . it's a little bit different
young adults are interviewing for a job. They are working on a construction site and working on the construction site.
young man dressed as an adult is interviewing for a job. He is dressed like an adult for the interview. He
young adults are interviewing for a job to marry a young woman . . interview for the job .
young woman dressed as an adult for an interview for a job. She is dressed as herself for the job interview. She
young adults drive a train for an interview for a job. They are looking for an adult to drive the train.
overpriced items are on sale in a department store. . a store has items for sale that are
items for sale in a store where you can purchase items . . items for purchase at a discount .
expensive items are on sale in a store. The store has a large selection of items for sale. ..
items for sale in a park . store . item for sale at a flea market . items for
people buying items in a store for sale. ..a woman is buying an item from a department store.
anemones on a farm at a type of facility in michigan . type of farm .
anemones swimming in a pool at a farm of type . type of facility . ane
type of anemone growing on a farm in the atlantic ocean . . type of farm with an
type of anemone growing in a nursery at a farm . farm with a greenhouse and ane
type of anemone growing on a farm in the gulf of mexico in a facility 
drying clothes in the sun with a curtain open. The clothes are drying in the shade. The sun is shining through the
warm curtains open to let the sun shine through the windows of a house .. . the sun warms the
curtains open to warm the sun in the living room . the sun is coming in through the window . a room
brightly shines through a curtain . the sun shines brightly through the window . . sun shine
woman opens a curtain to get the sun out of the dark room . the sun gets in and gets out .
release the energy and feel the damage . releasing the energy to feel the release of the energy . feel the energy
release energy and feel the wonderful release of energy . releasing energy is a wonderful way to release stress and tension 
feel the release of energy after a long day of working out . releasing energy and feeling the exhaustion 
release the energy and feel the release of the energy . . orgasms are a great way to release
feel like releasing energy and feeling lazy .. release energy and feel like you are building muscle mass . releasing
boy hears the news and is curious about what he hears. He hears a lot of news. He
young man is analysing his surroundings with curiosity. He is curious to know what he is doing. He has a
young man goes out of curiosity to find out where he is going to go. I think he's going to
young man examines things with curiosity. .. he is curious about the things he sees around him.
kids are curious to see what their favorite animal is doing at the show .
living room with furniture in an apartment. The apartment has a large living room and a dining room. The furniture is
furniture in a loft . . furniture in the loft is a modern piece of furniture . the furniture is
furniture is displayed in a store. The store has a large selection of furniture.
rugs and furniture in a living room . . rug on the furniture .. rugs on the floor
stairway with furniture on it. There is a staircase with a red carpet and white furniture. The stairs are
teacher attends a detention at a school . a student is detained and is attended by a
graduate attending a school with a teacher . a graduate attends a private school . the school is
follower attends a school and is taught by a teacher. The following children are attending a local school.
students and teachers attend a school for inspiration . . teachers and students are inspired to attend school . students attend
children are attending a school because they are bored. Teachers are attending the school because of their boredom. They are bored
woman shopping for a pair of jeans in a mall. She is shopping for an item of jeans. The item is
item in the museum is a pair of ripped jeans. The item is an item of clothing. The museum has 
jeans in a laundromat with an item of clothing. This item is a pair of ripped jeans.
item of clothing is a pair of jeans in a clothing store. There are many items of clothing and jeans for sale
jeans and a teddy bear in a bedroom are a must have item . a pair of
clouds float on a blue sky with substance . ..a cloud of substance floating in the sky .
clouds of substance floating on top of a mountain. . a cloud of substance floats in the sky above
clouds float in the air above a substance .. . a cloud of substance floating in the clouds 
clouds float above the ground and are level with the ground . Substances floating in the clouds . .
substance floats in the outer space of a cloud . clouds . floating in outer space . .
building is located in the area of the empire of the state . state of empire is the largest building in the city 
building is located in the area of the empire and is the largest office building in the state . the building is a
building is located in the area of the empire and is the largest building in the state . the state is a city
building is located on the fifth avenue in the state of empire . the building is the largest building in the area .
building is located in the area of the empire in the state of new york . state of empire is the largest building in
coffee and a cup of coffee in a coffee shop. . a man with a mug of coffee
coffee and a cup of coffee in the office. This is a great way to start the day . .
coffee and a cup of coffee on a coffee table. Two people are drinking cups of coffee. One of them is
cup of coffee is being washed down with a glass of water and a cup of tea. The coffee is
coffee and a cup of coffee in a kitchen. Two people are drinking cups of coffee. One of them is 
a bodycam is a kind of bodycam that can be used for body service . bodycams are 
kind of home for a body of any kind of service . a home for the kind of people who need it
kind of funeral service with a coffin for a dead body . . funeral coffins for the dead
kind of funeral service for a dead body . . kind of service for the deceased . funeral of a
kind of funeral service for a dead body in a graveyard . . funerals and burials for 
row of houses are less expensively living in the country than estates . a row of row houses in a
row of houses on an estate leaving england in the country . a row of row of country houses in
row of houses in a country leaving a prison estate . a row of rows of row of row houses in
row of houses leave a city in the country . a row of row houses in a residential estate .
row of houses leave a town in the country . a row of row houses in a rural estate .
saws and hardware in a hardware store. This is a great way to start a project . .
saw in a toolbox with a saw in it. This toolbox has a lot of tools and a
loggers sawing logs at a logging camp. . a group of men are preparing to
saw and other tools in a kit. This is a tool that can be used to make a saw. This
sawing a saw with an auger . . saws and augers in the woods .
woman asks police for information at the scene of a crime . police officer expresses her concern and expresse
woman asks a question and touches everything at the scene of a crime . she touches everything on the crime scene
man asks a question at the scene of a crime . i think he thinks he is
man asks a question at the scene of a crime and gives a clue to the crime . .
man asks a question at the scene of a crime . police are analysing a scene of crime 
big brother remembers the night he went to college . in the city . . big brother and big sister
fraternity night at the house in memory of brother . . brother and sister in memory at a fratern
brother and sister at a night of school and college . . in memory of their brother . at the college
brother and sister in a building at night in memory of their mother and brother . at the college . .
big brother remembers the night he went to college in town . . big brother and big sister at a
frightened victim runs away from a horror movie on a road trip . . horror movie .
victim of a horror movie running up the stairs after a trip to the bathroom. The victim of the horror movie is
victim of a horror movie gets a run for her life during a road trip . the victim gets scared and
victim runs away from a horror movie during a trip . . the victim is quickly rescued by a
victim runs away from a horror movie faster than he can go on a trip .. . a
coach decides to change the lineup of the team that has been stagnant for years . the team has been unable
coach decides to change his lineup to avoid stagnation . . the coach decided to change the lineup after a
coach decides to change the lineup . tradition . a coach has decided to change his lineup after deciding to
coach decides to change the lineup after a bout of hunger . . hunger is a major factor in the
coach decides to change his lineup based on the amount of money on the paper . .. a coach
people buying clothes in a mall. They are buying goods.
woman buying groceries and clothes in a grocery store. She is buying clothes and other goods.. ..a woman
woman buying groceries and clothes in a grocery store. She is buying clothes and other goods.. ..a woman
woman buying clothes in a shop. She is buying goods.
woman buying clothes in a supermarket. She is buying clothes and other goods..
etna is a place to stay and get food . . food is the only way to stay
food stays in a cupboard . . food stays out of the fridge and cupboards . the cupboards are
frozen food stays in the oven . ..food stays out of the oven for a long time . food
food stays in the stomach of a dog . . the stomach stays full for a long time . food
frozen food stays in the fridge . . This is how food stays fresh in a refrigerator . The fridge is
mental illness is a lifelong illness that can be managed . it can lead to a lot of problems .
mental illness is a lifelong illness that can be effectively treated and led . it can lead to a variety of
mental illness leads to recurrences in life . mental illness is one of the most common causes of 
delusion can lead to mental illness and lead to a life of misery . mental illness is a common
is a mental illness that leads to illusions in your life . i call it an illusion . mental illness
musician scratching a musical instrument on a bank. The instrument is a piano, violin, and other instruments.
musicians scratching instruments in an orchestra. They are playing a musical instrument in a concert hall. The orchestra is playing
musical instrument is scratched on the case of a musical instrument. This is a case of musical instruments. This
musician scratching a musical instrument in a living room. Music is played on a piano and other musical instruments.
man scratching a musical instrument in a movie. In the movie, he is seen scratching an instrument.
try to forget about the television while watching entertainment .. . a man is trying to watch entertainment on television 
woman is trying to fall asleep while watching television and forgetting what she is doing. Trying to remember what he is
are trying to forget about the fat while watching television . . trying to get rid of the fat by trying to watch
young girl is crying while watching television and forgetting what he was watching. She is trying to remember what she was watching
try to relax by watching television and forgetting about it. Trying to forget about the television while watching television. .
gazelle running in the eastern hemisphere. . a gazelle is a migratory species
gazelle running through a city on a sunny day. The city is surrounded by mountains and greenery. The
gazelle running on a plain open to the sky . . gazelle run through the open plains .
gazelle running during a program on television .. . a gazelle is seen running on a 
gazelle running in the great outdoors . . great outdoors is a great place to be if you want to
joggers are running stretches in the park . ..a woman is running a jogg
police are running away from a crowd of people . ..a man is seen running from the police .
learn how to walk and run . . how to learn to run and walk . to learn the basics of running
young man is running away from him quickly. He is going to run away from her. She quickly goes away. He quickly
dog is running out of the bed to get out of it. He is getting out of bed. . he is
a bird letting free from slavery . a man letting the bird fly free . let the birds fly
bird letting loose after being caught and let free . bird . a bird caught in a net .
bird in a cage is let loose and let loose. Birds in cages are freed and let out. Bird
bird letting loose on the top of a tree . letting the bird fly free . the bird is free
prisoner letting a bird free . bird . the bird is freed . a prisoner let
british know their prowess at building beaver dam in the columbia mountains .
a beaver knows the prowess of building a body out of water . . bea
know their prowess in the wooded area . a beaver builds a nest in the
a beaver knows how to pay his debts and builds a bridge to pay for it . a
beaver knows how to build a raft at the zoo . ..beaver
suffers from a panic attack after answering a question . i don't like the answer to a
likes the idea of answering questions in a discussion . i don't like the answer to a question
suffers from a lack of attention when answering questions . i like the way he answers the question .
don't like the answer to a question because it causes confusion . i like the way he answers questions
like the answer to a question but suffer the satisfaction of not knowing the answer . i don't like the
public acceptance of celebrity is going to gain wide acceptance . celebrity is gaining wide acceptance from the public . .
have a problem with celebrities going public after gaining a degree . . celebrity has gone public to gain 
celebrities are going public to gain some relief from their pains . . celebrity is gaining some public sympathy for the
celebrity is trying to gain the public's trust and gain public trust . celebrity is getting the public involved in a
a celebrity is going to press to gain coverage for a health problem . the press gained coverage after the celebrity went
shrouded in darkness as the opera continues to operate without electricity . . the darkness continues to shroud
shrouded in darkness after the concert . electricity remains out . the concert was cancelled . darkness shrou
shrouded in darkness, the basement remains without electricity. The basement is still without light and electricity. . 
shrouded in darkness, the bedroom remains lit by electricity. The bedroom remains largely unlit. There is no
grand canyon remains shrouded in darkness as the sun rises over the mountains . electricity remains on . 
beauty clerks searching for a beauty in a salon for hundreds of dollars. The beauty is found in the beauty salon
find a beauty salon in a shopping mall with hundreds of beauty salons and salons .. . beauty
find a beauty salon in a strip of malls with hundreds of beauty salons and salons . beauty salon
find a beauty salon in a city with hundreds of beauty salons . . beauty salon is one of the
find a beauty salon in a neighborhood with hundreds of beauty salons and salons . beauty salon is a
christian holiday is coming to a close with halloween and christmas . . it is time to celebrate halloween
christmas time comes early in the summer . . christmas time is coming to a city . it is time to
christian easter is coming to a close . christmas has come and gone . easter has come
kwaanza is coming to town for the first time this christmas . . it's time to
people are giving gifts for the first time this christmas . it is time to give gifts . . christmas is coming
add a picture of her brother and niece to a book for the family . daughter adds a photo of
find a brother and niece at a family reunion . daughter adds a new niece to the family .
daughter adds a niece to her brother's house . . found a brother and niece in a
and a brother and niece are looking for a tree to add to the family . . daughter adds 
little girl adds a brother and niece to a baby shower . baby girl finds her brother and sister .
bank is willing to insist that crime is not a crime . bank must be willing to cooperate with criminals .
police insist that criminals must not be convicted of any crime . they insist that they must not commit a crime
bank must insist that criminals should not be allowed into the bank . the bank should not allow crime to continue .
police insist that criminals must not have access to the bank . they must insist that they have no access to it 
bank insists that it is not a crime that is unnecessary . criminals must insist that they are not criminals
squid fills a pen with ink to write a poem . ..a s
fountain pen filled with ink and writing on a white paper. The fountain pen is filled with fountain pen ink.
pencil filling a case with ink and writing on it. Writes in black ink. Fill the case with
man fills a newspaper with ink and writes on it. He is writing in ink on the newspaper. He
printer filling ink with a pen and writing on the paper. Writes a letter in the ink.
friend walked into a room expecting a shock . he was shocked to find out he had a
friend walks into a room and is shocked by the shock . a friend is not wanting to leave the room 
friend walks into a room and shocks her friend. She is shocked and calmed. He walks out of the
friends walk into a room and shock each other with thundershocks . ..shocked by
shocked as a friend walks into a room . . shocked and surprised, he surprised his friend. 
friends hugging each other as they meet type of sex . type of friend they have met . a
friends hugging and smiling as they meet a new type of friend . type of friendship . friend meets a
friends hugging each other as they meet each other for the first time . type of hugging they have ever done 
friends hugging each other after meeting for a type of conversation . type of friendship . friends meet for the first
friends meet for a handshake and hugging . type of handshake . friends hugging each other after meeting
truck needs to stop at a place on the map . i need to find a map to find the place
need a map to find a place to park and amusements . i need to find the place to
need an atlas to find a place on the map . i need a map to help me find
lost a map of places to go to the mall . i need to find a new place to go 
lost a gas station on a map . i need to find a place to fill up gas .
children are using a net to play sports. They are using it as a safety net during the competition. .
fisherman using fishing gear and a net. The net is used to catch fishes. The fishing gear is
players use a net during a game of soccer . . soccer players use the net during the game .
fisherman using a net on a fishing boat. They are fishing in a lake. The boat is 
woman is using a net to play badminton. A man is using the net. A woman is playing bad
sage likes to communicate and exchange ideas with others . sages like to communicate with each other .
sage likes to communicate confusion and likes the idea of love . i like how he communicates
sage likes to communicate with friends and peers . i like the idea of communicating with a s
sage responds to a message of love . i like the way he communicates with me 
sage likes to communicate and learn from each other . i love the way he communicates .
cat snuggling up to a human on the floor. . a cat snuggles up to human on 
humane cats snuggling up to a humane society. . a cat snuggles up with a
cat snuggling up to a human on a bed. .. a cat snuggles up to the
cat snuggling in a comfortable chair next to a human. Human and cat are comfortable. Humans and cats are
cat snuggling on the sill of a window. Human and cat snuggle together. Humans and cats snuggle
shack with a radio hanging from a cable. There is a place for a tv and
electrical device is hung on a cable and placed in place. The device is electrically powered. It is a
place a shower with a cable hanging from it. This is a place where you can hang a towel.
cable is hung from a substation in place of a cable. This is a place where the cable is
place a television on a wall and hang a cable from it. This is a place where you can hang
car traveling at high speed on a freeway. ..a car travels at a high speed..
speeding car travels down the road. ..a car traveling at a high speed on a road.
race car traveling at high speed on a track. ..cars travel at high speeds in a race.
speeding cars travel down a narrow alley. The cars are traveling at a high rate of speed. .
cars traveling at a high speed in a parking lot. The speed of travel is a factor in the speed of
suitcases with luggage and money in compartments. Watches and money are in the compartment. The suitcases are 
man watches a movie with money in a suitcase. He is watching the movie. He has money in his pocket.
woman watches money in a suitcase on a subway. She is watching the subway. Someone is watching. A man is
suitcase with money and a watch on it. The airplane is parked next to a suitcase. Some people are watching
woman is holding a suitcase full of money and other cargo. Watches and money are held in a watch.
eat breakfast in bed and see a mess . a man eats breakfast in a bed .
hungry children eat breakfast in bed . a man is seen eating breakfast in a hotel room. he is
eat breakfast in bed and feel guilty about it . i feel guilty for eating breakfast . in bed .
woman eating breakfast in bed with indigestion . a woman is seen eating breakfast with a teddy
baby eats breakfast in bed and spills it all over the bed. . a baby is seen eating breakfast
hinged hinged door in a kitchen open with a key. The door is hinged to a hinged
hinged door with a key to open a safe. The door is hinged and has a lock. The
hinged hinged door in a house that owns a key . . keys to open the hinged
hinged hinged door opens to a building with a key. The key is on the hinges. The door
hinged hinged door opens to a pantry with a key. The door to the pantry has a hinged
people working at a desk located at the reception of a motel or hotel. People work at the desks located
desks located at the reception of a hostel where people work. receptionists work at the desks of the hostel
woman working at a desk located in the reception of a building. She is working at the reception desk. The reception
people working at desks located in the lobby of the reception. The reception desks are located near the entrance to the lobby
woman working at a desk located at the reception of an office. The reception desk is located in a parking lot.
children are reading newspapers about country and the world. They are learning about the country and reading about the world at the same time
children are reading newspapers in education in a country .. . a young girl is reading a newspaper in
woman reading a newspaper and getting angry. She is angry because she is getting angry at the country. She reads newspaper
woman reading a newspaper in a country with concern . woman reading newspaper . newspaper in country . a
man eats cake while reading newspaper in a country. He is reading a newspaper. He reads a
person recognizes accomplishments with a certificate and name . . recognizes the accomplishments of a person with
recognizes accomplishments with a name in a directory . . recognizes the names of individuals who have achieved
recognizing accomplishments with a book and a phone . . recognition of accomplishments in the book .
honored with a lineup of names and accomplishments . .. a woman recognizes her accomplishments with 
recognized for their accomplishments on the roster . . roster of honorable mentions and honorary mentions .
person tends to procrastinate and leave things to someone else . i tend to leave things behind 
a person tends to leave a collection of things that he has collected . .. a man
person tends to leave a headache after a long call . a person is left with headaches .
person tends to leave a phone call at the end of good time . management has a tendency to leave things
person tending to a thing that needs attention . a person tends to things that need tending .
settling down and walking around the place . a woman settles down after a long day of walking .
agitated people settle down in a place of worship . the place is a sacred place . .
wandering around settling down in a new place . i settled down and settled down for the night .
a man removes a piece of furniture and settles it in a new place . a woman is
a man settles in a place of worship and disturbs the peace of the place . people are disturbed by
family living in a bungalow in the wooded area near a school. The bungalow is surrounded by a
family living in a bungalow in an area with lots of beds and a school. The bungalow has a pool and
family living in a bungalow in the suburbs next to a school and a shopping centre. The bungalows are
family living in a bungalow near a school in the rural area . . school and bungalows in the area
bungalows in a neighborhood with a school and a park next to it . people living in the area have
senators spend the day working on a new building at the capitol . . senators spent the day spending time
senator spends a lot of time working on everything in the government . . senators spend all their time working
senators are spending a day at work in washington d.c. . senators spend the day working
senator spends time working for the government of russia. . russian senator is spending time working on a
senators are spending a lot of time working for the government of canada . . senators spend more time working
take an oath to love your child . i love you . take a vow of love for
woman procreates a child and calls it love . . love is the only thing that can make a
mother and child love each other so much they call it matrimony . i love the way they call each other
i love my child and would love to call my parents . please call me . i would like to call
a child is called to live a life of love . i love the way he calls life .
policemen hear a cry and run away in the distance. Policemen run away after hearing the cry of a child
policemen hear a cry as they hurry along in the distance. Policemen are rushing along a road. They
policemen hear a cry from motorists as they are fined for driving in a distance .. policemen
policemen hear a cry and direct traffic in the distance. Policemen direct traffic after hearing a shout from a
policemen hear a cry for help from a policeman in the distance. Policemen are trying to help a
are taking steps to complete their ambitions and take care of their proposals . . take the next step to complete the
man begins work on a step toward achieving his ambitions . he begins work to complete his dream job 
are in charge of completing the first step of a major project in ambition . the project is a step towards
eat a cake to complete a job and achieve ambitions . i want to complete this step .
student completes the first step to getting a job at a school . she is going to school to complete her
hens and a fox in a house. . fox and hen in the garden. 
foxes are hunted in the english countryside . fox hunting in the woods . hunte
fox in the mountains . foxes in a zoo. ..a fox
fox in a bedroom with a window outside . fox outside the bedroom . outside the window .
fox in england . foxes in a zoo in the countryside .
type of building is on the top floor and goes down to the ground floor . the building has a number of floors
type of apartment on the top floor of a building . apartment type on the ground floor . on the first floor
type of building on the top floor of a tall building . type of tall building with high ceilings and a
type of office on the top floor of a building . on the ground floor . the office is located on the
type of cabin on the top floor of a building . on the ground floor . at the top of the stairs
a human celebrates the death of a lion . a man celebrates his life after death .
burial of a human after death . a burial of human remains at a cemetery . human burial .
life and death of a human being . . death and life of human beings . the death of human
rebirth of a human after death . a woman reborn from a dead human . the
decomposition of a human after death . a decomposing human in a zoo .
yellow pages find a number for a restaurant on the yellow pages . . find the phone number of a
find a phone number for a restaurant in the town . . find the number of a local restaurant 
people find a number for a restaurant in the sector of business . .. find the number of a
find a phone number for a restaurant in the town . . find the number of a local restaurant 
woman finds a phone number for a restaurant at the hotel . the number of the restaurant is not found .
man working with coins on a stove. Coins are on the stove. Man working with a coin in a
coins working in a fountain of water. Coins and coins are working in the fountain. The fountain is filled with water
man working on a desk with coins and coins. He is working with a coin on the desk. He works with
woman working with coins and coins in a purse. She is working on a coin. Coins and coins are in
woman working on a jar of coins and coins. She is working on the coins. The coins are in a
bald eagle looking at a camera in a city. A guy is looking for a bald
bald eagle looking at a camera in canada. A guy is looking at the camera. A bald
bald eagle looking at a camera in minnesota. A guy is looking at the camera
bald eagles looking at a camera. A guy is looking at the camera. Bald e
bald eagle looking at the camera of a guy. The guy is looking at a photograph of 
children use a piano in a neighborhood to learn music at a music school. ..a school of music
people use a piano in a music store in the neighborhood. Music store is a popular place to buy music.
neighbor's house is used as a piano in the neighborhood . . neighbors use the piano at the house 
people are using a piano for lunch in a neighborhood. They are using it as a place to eat.
children use a piano to draw in a room in the neighborhood . . drawing on the wall in the living
shower curtain in a department of a store. Shower curtain in store. This is a shower curtain from a
shower curtain and shower curtain in a restaurant. This is a bathroom with a shower and a toilet. The
shower curtain and shower curtain in a hotel. This is a bathroom with a shower in the bathroom. The shower
shower curtain from a store with dimes on it . shower curtain in a dime . .
shower curtain in a bathtub with a shower curtain on it. This shower curtain is a curtain for the shower.
romantic activity of kissing anus in a nature reserve . . anus kissing is a romantic activity
a romantic activity reserved for romantic partners . kissing and kissing is one of the most romantic activities . 
romantic activity of kissing and arousal is a romantic activity . the kissing activity is one of the
romantic activity of kissing and kissing in a nature reserve . a romantic activity for couples . romantic activity
romantic activity involving kissing and cooperation in the reserve . . romantic activity of cooperation and kissing is a
children learn how to count ten in a classroom at school . a child learns to count to ten
child learns the name of the state at school . a child is learning the names of the states in a
child learns how to dress herself in a school uniform. She dresses herself as a teacher. The child is learning
child learns how to clean a room in a school. . a child cleans a classroom and
child learns how to socialize in a school . children learn how to play and socialize at home .
woman is tired of talking to her boss and getting advice during an interview for a job . i got the job
people are talking to each other during an interview for a job. They are giving advice and telling each other small things.
woman is giving advice during an interview for a job . woman is talking to her interviewer and telling her to keep
woman is talking to her friend and telling her advice during an interview for a job . she is interviewing for 
woman is talking to a woman about her job and social life. She tells her advice during an interview for a
apples on a tree in accordance with the book of the bible . apple trees and a palm tree .
apple tree in accordance with a book in spain . apple trees on a tree in the garden .
harry potter in accordance with a tree and apple in a book . potter is a
apples on a tree in accordance with a book in new york city . . apple trees and a
apples on a tree in the woods arranged in accordance with a book . apple trees and a
stairwell in a neighborhood with a sense of community and a crowd of people on the landing . 
crowds of people make a landing at the arena in the neighborhood . a sense of community and community .
crowds of people gather to make a landing at the ocean in a neighborhood . a sense of community and
crowds of people gathered at the airport to make a landing . a sense of community and neighborhood .
apartment building in a neighborhood with a sense of community and crowds of people landing on the landing . .
person crosses a street in a city . ..a person is crossing the street with a bicycle.
people are talking to themselves and talking to each other. They are the only people who can talk to themselves. . 
person opens the doors to a restaurant . a person is seated in a room with glass doors .
person throws a ball away. The person is thrown away. A person is throwing a football away. Someone
greek person studying a book in a library . a greek is a person who studies .
person crosses a street while working on a construction site . ..a person is crossing a busy street
work to draw attention to themselves and others around them . a person is working on a piece of paper .
person working hard to make money . a person makes money by working hard at a job . making money 
person is falling down while working at a construction site . a person is working on a bridge and a
person comes in to work at home . a person comes to work in a home for the first time .
foxes running on the beach in tennessee . a fox seen running on a
fox running on the beach in south carolina . foxes are seen running along the beach .
foxes running on the beach in louisiana. . a fox is seen running down the beach
oklahoma fox running on the beach . foxes are seen running along the beach in 
fox running along the beach and seeing mountains . foxes on the beach. Seeing a sea of
a mouse finds its way into a loft and finds a hiding place for it . mouse is found in the
mouse finds its way into an attic and finds a hiding place . a mouse is found hiding in a
cat finds a mouse at the location of a bell .. . a cat is searching for a
find a mouse in the countryside at a remote location . ..a mouse is found in a forest
mice are found in a laboratory at a remote location . ..a mouse is found in the laboratory 
joggers learn how to jog after exhaustion and hope for the best . jogging
joggers are getting in shape and learning how to jog. I hope to start jogging soon
joggers learn how to jog and hope to improve their fitness . jogging is a
jogger tries to learn how to jog and hopes not to injure himself while jogging
joggers learn how to jog and hope to avoid fatigue . jogging is a great
people are turning their phones to the internet to find out more information. This is how they turn their phone into a computer
woman turns a phone into a book to find out more information. She is turning the information on her phone. She
people are turning their phones online to find out more information. They can turn their phone into a computer and turn it into
woman turns her phone to search for information on google.com and turns it into a mobile phone. She turns the phone
manual on how to turn a phone into a mobile phone for information . . turn the phone to the right
rebirth of a body after death happens . . the body is reborn after death ..
human body is the only thing that can happen to a human body . death is an experience that happens to any human
mourning the death of a loved one with sadness . a body is buried in a cemetery .
decomposition of a dead body is a natural process of death . a body is decomposed and
people are dying because of obesity in their bodies . . obesity is a major cause of death in the body 
stew is a type of soup that you can find in a grocery store . type of beef and potatoes .
type of soup i found in my own kitchen . i made my own potato soup . found this type of
clam chowder is a type of soup with potatoes and clams found in it . type of
type of soup is found in a cabinet in the kitchen . I found this type of potato soup in the cupboard 
type of soup you can find in a pantry . i found this type of potato soup in the pantry. 
coach during the qualification for disability . ..a coach with a wheelchair and a teddy bear
coach demonstrates his strength in the face of a disability . he is a strong man and has a
pity the coach for his disability . .. a coach with a disability is a man with
coach has a high level of competence in dealing with people with disabilities .
football coach has a disability but has the potential to become a great coach . a coach with potential for disability
teddy bears playing a game of theory in the park . . theory is a popular game
teddy bears practice their theory in a game of chess . ..a girl is
teddy bears playing a game of facts and theory . . facts and theories of the game 
teddy bears are playing a game of theory and practical . .. a tiger
teddy bears are practising a game of chess theory . ..te
rising and setting sun in relation to each other . The sun rises and sets in relation . . the sun
rises in relation to a rising tide near a city . . rising tides are nearing a
rise and fall in relation to a relationship .. . a relation between a man and a woman
rises in relation to a river below . . in relation . below the cliffs . the
rises in relation to a lower level . . the relation between rising and falling . in relation .
cans of food hiked to the top of a cabinet . . food in a can on a
cans of food hiked into a house . . food in a can on a hike .
people are hiking to the recycling center to recycle food cans. The center is a great place to hike and recycle food
backpacks filled with food and cans of food for hikers. Food for the hiker in a backpack.
food can make a person sick . a hike in the mountains can make someone sick. .a person can
rug from persia on the door of a house . . persian rug on a wooden door
rug on a desk next to a door. ..a desk with a wooden desk and a rug
rug on a white table next to a wooden door. . rugs on the table and a rug on
living room with a door and a rug in the living room . . living room has a large window
rugs on a wooden door in a hall. . a hallway with a stairway and 
obese woman slips down a ladder propped up with anything else . ..a ladder to prop up her
man slipping down a ladder propped up with something else and falling down. Nothing is going to stop him from falling
man slips down a ladder to prop up anything else that matters .. or prop up any other matter .
a ladder propped up with whatever you want to prop up . whatever you need to slip off the ladder .
a man slips down a ladder to surprise someone with anything and everything . props . a woman
children need food on a table . .. i need to get some food on the table. I need
children need food in disneyland . they need food . .. i need food for disn
people need refrigerators to store their food. They need to be able to store food in them. The refrigerators are
people are in need of food in a pantry . . I need food for my family .. i
people need to shop for food. I need to buy some food. . i need to get some food for my
man trying to get out of bed and continuing to try to get up again . he continues to try and get up
girl tries to rise from the bed after falling down and trying to get up again after falling asleep . Trying to
woman tries to lie down on the bed and then rises to try to get up again . she continues to try
man tries to lie down on a bed and continues to try to rise from it . he continues to lie
young man sits down and tries to rise from a bed. He continues to try to get up and sit down
heifers are a great addition to any home or farm . a quality home for a he
heifers and cows on a farm producing high quality dairy products ..heifer and he
heifers and cattle show quality at a cattle show . . quality cattle and a calf
heifers and cows in a barn with milk of high quality . . quality dairy with he
quality heifers in a corral at a zoo . ..a he
acquiring a business and opening a home based business . acquiring and opening business in the home .
business owner acquires wealth by opening a business . . business is a great way to acquire wealth .
business acquiring a business and opening it for the first time in bankruptcy . the business is now open for business 
business owner loses money opening a new business . acquiring money to open a business and losing money .
business owner gets rich by opening a new business . acquiring a business and getting rich by doing so .
graduated from a university and finished their undergraduate studies . ..graduating undergraduates finish their final exams 
finished their masters at the university . undergraduates finished their bachelors and masters degrees . . graduate students
undergraduates and postgraduates are finishing their final semesters . . postgraduate students finish their final exams .
finished their phd as undergraduates . . finished their thesis at the university . they finished their undergraduate
undergraduates finish their final exams with their professors . ..a professor is congratulating the students as they
buses stop at a bus stop in part of the ocean . ..a bus stops at the entrance to the
a bus stopped at a stop to get part of its passengers off. The bus is getting ready to get on.
bus stops at a part of the airport. Buses are parked and waiting for passengers to board. A bus
buses stop at a bus stop in an urban area. Part of a city. Buses stop in a
buses stop at a bus stop in part of a town. Buses are parked at the bus stop.
kid looking at a stranger as he picks up a bus at the station. Strangers are looking at
kid is looking at a stranger as he picks a palm tree in paradise. ..a stranger is
kid is looking at a stranger as he picks up a train at the station. Strangers are looking
kid is looking at a stranger as he picks up something from a park. Strangers are looking at
kid looking at a stranger as he picks seaweed from the sea. Strangers are looking at him.
lemurs frolic in a desert near a market. Lemurs are frolicking in the
lemurs frolic in a hole at a market. ..a lemur frolicking
lemurs frolic in a market in india . a lemur is seen frolicking in
lemurs frolic in a cage at a market. ..a lemur frolicking
lemurs frolic in the rain at a market in the forest . ..a lemur 
place a rug on the furniture . . place rugs on the rug in the living room . furniture is
furniture is placed in a living room . . place a lamp in the corner of the room. Place the
place a toy on a piece of furniture. This is a place for kids to play with their toys.
friend's place is a beautiful place to put furniture in a house . . furniture in the living room
furniture is placed in a building. The building is a place of worship . . furniture in the building is
director performs in fear as he prepares to begin performing in the state . . director begins performing at the
performer is injured while performing in the state . . director begins performing after sustaining an injury while performing .
director performs a show of happiness at the beginning of the state . . director begins the performance with a
director performs an action before the state begins . . director begins a performance . performs a musical
director performs a cut during a performance in the state . . performing arts director begins a state tour
students learn about the world with pleasure at college . learning about the different cultures of the world . the world is 
students are learning about the world through greater mobility in the college . college students learn about how to travel around the world 
college students have a desire to travel around the world and learn about the world . . students want to learn about
students learning about the world and global warming at a college . students learn about global warming in a classroom .
students learn more about the world and security in a college . the world has increased in importance as a result of
friend carries books to a friend's house on a rainy day . . books require a
students carrying books on a rainy day at the university . They are required to carry books on the campus .
people carrying large volumes of books in a city on a sunny day. These books require a lot of space.
books require a lot of carrying on a sunny day . . books require more storage than just a shelf
books require carrying on the table on a rainy day . . books require a lot of space on the
seaweed on a beach . . seaweed and sand on the beach.. a seaweed
seaweed and seaweed in the sea on a sunny day . . seaweed on the sea ..
seaweed in the ocean on a sunny day. The ocean is full of seaweed. The seaweed is a
seaweed floating in the water . . seaweed in a pond with blue sky and blue sky .
seaweed is a plant that grows in the sea . Seaweed is one of the most common plants in the world
steak is being cooked in an oven at a grocery store. ..a steak is in the oven at the store
steak cooked in a freezer. This is a steak that is stored in the freezer. The steaks are cooked and
steak is cooked on a plate in a grocery store. ..a plate of steak is on the grill.
tupperware is used to cook a steak in a restaurant or grocery store. This is a t
steaks are being cooked on a grill in a grocery store. The grill is being used to cook steaks.
a clean place to settle the dust in a closet . a place to put the dust . the dust
dust settles under the bed and is then placed under a clean sheet. The bed is now ready to be cleaned.
dust settles on a place next to a television. The television is clean and ready to be aired.
dust settles in a clean place in the attic . ..a place to put all the dust 
a place where dust settles on most of the buildings . ..a building is one of the few places
woman breaks a nerve with garbage in her eyes at night . .. a woman breaks her nerves and
animals break their nerves in the garbage on a dark night. .. a small animal breaks its nerves
fingers break a nerve in a garbage can at night .. . a woman breaks her nerves with
brainstem is broken by a broken nerve on a dark night . a man breaks a nerve in
human body breaks a nerve in the garbage on a dark night. . a woman breaks her nerves and
pamphlets in a bookstore . a pamphlet is a small booklet of information . pamph
pamphlets in a drawer . a pamphlet is a small booklet with a number of pa
pamphlets from the health department are available for download . . pamphlet . health department has a
pamphlets in a box awaiting mail. Pamphlets are in the mail.
pamphlets in a library . pamphlet in the library. This is a collection of books and pa
cheering the audience after scoring a goal for school . . the crowd cheered after the goal was scored
cheering the audience after scoring a goal during a sporting event . . the audience cheers after sporting event
cheered the audience after scoring a goal during a concert . . audience cheers after the goal was
show the audience how to cheer after scoring a goal . . the crowd cheered after the goal was scored
audience cheers as soccer player scores a goal on television . . the crowd cheers after the goal was scored
picture of a state with miles of shore and thousand of people on either side of the sea . picture of the shore
town is a thousand miles from the seaside on the east coast of state . state is the largest town on the
miles of beach on the shores of the state . a mile and a thousand people on the beach .
california is a state with a mile and a thousand miles of coastline . cali
a picture of a state with miles and thousand of miles of shore to see on the other side . picture of
profane guide crying during a tour of the holy site . . holy site is a pilgrimage site
guide crying halibut at a holy site . holy site is a popular tourist attraction . hal
guide cries as he tours a damaged site . holy sites . a group of pilgrims cry
guide and pilgrims cry as they tour the holy site of pilgrimage . . holy site is one of the most
guide crying halibut at a holy site . holy site is a popular tourist attraction . hal
woman giving a smile and giving happiness to a child in a manual. She is smiling and giving them happiness.
girl gives a smile of happiness and a rainbow . ..a smile that gives happiness and happiness .
girl gives a smile and cries with happiness . . smiles and tears of joy . she gives
woman gives a frown of happiness and smiles. She smiles and frowns. Giving a smile.
make people smile and give happiness to others. They are too happy to smile and make others happy. This makes them happy.
erecting a monument in a park in the city . the monument is a municipal monument .
office erects a monument in a city . The monument is a symbol of national unity .
erecting a monument in a park in the city of state . a city is a state
erecting a monument in the cemetary of a city . . monuments and cemet
erecting a monument in the gardens of a city for the public . . monuments and gardens
residents of a housing estate live in bungalows next to each other. A neighbor lives in a detached bungalow .
neighbors live in a bungalow in the neighborhood . . neighbors live next door to each other . the bungalow is
neighbors live in a bungalow on the marsh .. . a couple of neighbors live next to a
neighbors live in a bungalow in the woods . . the bungalow is surrounded by a pond and
and their neighbors live in a bungalow in the suburbs .. . a couple of neighbors live next to
control room located in the basement of a building . The control room is located on the first floor of the building 
control room located in a factory . Control room is located in the control room of a building . This room
remote control located in a room next to a window. Controls are located in the control room. The control room
control room located in a prison . This room is located in the main control room . The room is a
control room located in the control room of a nuclear power plant located in a city . The control room is located
posters of lost dogs are put up to help people get their lost dogs back to their homes . a poster of lost
dog needs to be put in the water to survive . poster . a dog requires a lot of water to
dogs are put on a poster and trained to do tricks. This is what happens when you put a dog on 
dog is put on a poster and barks when something happens. Dogs are put on the poster and it happens.
dog rolled over a poster and put it on the wall . . dogs roll over the poster ..
steakhouse in texas is one of the most famous steakhouses in the country . . steakhouse
steakhouse is located in a building next to a restaurant. This is a steakhouse. The building has 
steakhouse in a city in the kansas state . ..a steakhouse is a
steakhouse in maine . a steakhouse on the outskirts of town . the steakhouse is 
a steakhouse is falling down on a rainy day . the roof of a restaurant is down and the
person keeps a plug in a cubicle in the office building . a person keeps plugs in his cubic
person keeps a plug in a cubicle to keep a person from calling. Another person is keeping a conference
person keeps a plug in a cubicle and calls for an assessment . person keeps the plug in the cubicle
person keeps a plug in a cubicle and calls for a demonstration . person keeps plugs in the cubic
person keeps a plug in a cubicle in the garage to keep it from plugging in. This is a
students attend a school and fall out of boredom . they experience a different kind of school in the fall 
children are experiencing malaria while attending school in the fall . children are attending school and experiencing the effects of the disease .
graduate attending a school in the fall to experience a new school . ..a student attends a
students attend a school and experience the fall . . school is a place of inspiration for those who want to
students attend a school for the first time in their lives after experiencing detention . . detention is a
young man looking at a gong and buying it for the orchestra. He is looking for a new one. He
man looking to buy a gong at a church. He is looking for someone to buy it. The gong
chinese woman looking at a gong in a temple and buying it. The gong is a
man looking to buy a gong in chinatown . ..a man looks to buy gongs in
woman looking to buy a gong in a music store. She is looking for a man to buy music.
friends are calling each other to help each other out in need . a friend is helping each other with a phone
group of friends working together to help each other out in need . friends helping each other in need together . group of
friends help each other understand each other's needs . a friend helps each other to understand the needs of others 
group of friends meet for lunch to help meet the needs of their friends. They need help from a friend. .
a friend is helping a company that is part of a group of friends . the company is in need of
group of people playing a game of believing in god . people believe in the game of motivation . they believe in
people are playing a game of motivation and dancing. People are playing the game. The game is a motivational game
people are playing a game of motivation to win . . people desire to win the game . they want to
group of people playing a game of destroy each other to gain motivation for each other . people are destroying each other
group of people playing a game of motivation and running amok. The game is a fun way to get people motivated
a courtroom is involved in a battle of words . a man is battling word with a woman
a battle involving the word 'war' . a word of war is a war that involves the
a video of a battle involving a group of people in a game of word of mouth . 
iraq is involved in a war of words . a word of war involving the i
a church is involved in a word of war . a battle involving the word of god . the
have to wait in line to hate the game . i hate getting in line for the first time in years .
hate the idea of getting in line for a game . i hate the thought of standing in line to get in
i hate the game of getting in line to eat a cake. I hate the idea of getting into a
hate the idea of getting in line for a game . i hate the thought of getting out of line .
hate the idea of getting in line for a game . i hate the thought of being ordered to get in line
fire is in the process of going out somewhere. . a fire is going out in a forest somewhere .
energy is going somewhere in the process of being converted into something else . . energy is a process of going somewhere
car is in the process of going somewhere. This is a car that is going to be parked in the parking lot
truck is in the process of being transported to somewhere else. This is a truck that is going through a process of
a woman is going through the process of staying somewhere and going somewhere else . i want to stay somewhere .
need to lay down and rest in bed during the day . i need to have some time to rest . in
need to lay down and rest in bed during the day . i need to have some time to rest . in
need to rest in bed for the rest of the day . i need some time to rest before going to work 
need to rest for the rest of the day . i need to have some time to relax . I need some
need to lie down and rest during the day . i need to have some time to rest and have some rest 
barbell shaped like a bell on the end of a firearm with a barrel at the other end .
shaped funnel with a bell at the end of the barrel of a firearm. The bell is in the shape of
blunderbuss with a bell on the end of the barrel of a firearm . bell shaped
bell shaped instrument is winding at the end of the barrel of a firearm. The bell is in the shape of
kettlebells in the shape of bells on the end of a firearm. The barrel of the firearm has a
place a pamphlet in a library at home . pamphlets are placed on a shelf next to
pamphlets are placed in a department at the home of department of health . pamphlet store is a
place pamphlets in a box and mail them to your home . . Place pamphlet in the mail
woman places pamphlets in a drawer at home to store them. Pamphlets are placed on a shelf.
pamphlets are placed in a bookstore next to a home. The bookstore is a place where people can buy
human getting up and fishing with a fishing lure tied to a pole. Fishing is a great way to spend
human enjoys looking for information while fishing for fish .. . a man enjoys fishing for information .
human enjoys getting wet while fishing with a fish. ..a man gets wet and enjoys the
human enjoys a beer while fishing. Humans enjoy the sport of fishing.
man sits and enjoys a fish while fishing quietly. A man is enjoying a meal with a human.
maps in a bookstore with a map of the city . . map of a city in the bookstore 
map of a library with a map of the city . . library with maps . maps of the world
electrical circuits are shown on a map . . map of circuits in the electrical system . electrical circuit
maps on a cabinet with a map of the country . . map of a city . cabinet with
important maps to travel with when traveling . a map of important places to visit . when traveling on a plane
hamburgers are placed in a restaurant. The resturant is a place where people can order hamburgers. The
hamburgers are placed in a fast food place at a restaurant. The restaurant is fast food and fast food. The
hamburgers are placed in the mouth of a man. The man is putting it in his mouth. The hamburger is
hamburgers are placed in a kitchen. The kitchen is full of hamburgers. People are preparing to place them.
hamburgers and pizza are placed on a plate. The pizza is placed on top of a hamburger. The hamburger is
pen and steel are placed in a shop next to a car. There is a place where you can buy steel
steel drawers for storage of pen and paper on a desk. Steel drawers are used to store pens and paper
pen is stored in a car made of steel and steel. This is a place where you can store your pen.
pen in a warehouse with steel and a place to store pens. Steel and steel are placed on a wooden
pen is stored in a hand made of steel and steel. This is a place to store a pen .
set of books for a story in a library or library . . books for children to read in the library
set of magazines or books with a story or a picture of a man reading a book or magazine .
set the story in a newspaper . The story is set to be published on tuesday .
a story set in the past . set in a city . the story is set in time . 
story is set in the future . . the future is a fantasy story . set in a futuristic
type of marmot found in a mountainous area . marmots of different types are found in this area 
marmots found on a pile of wood in a wooded area . type of woods .
type of marmot found in a jungle . . marmots found in an area . in the jungle
type of marmots are found petting in an area of the zoo . Marmots can be
type of marmots found in an area . . Marmots are a type of animal that can be
group of people set a table based on assumptions and prejudices that most people achieve . Most people set the table
think most people have a prejudice based on what they think they should achieve. This assumption is a base of prejudice
majority of people read books based on assumptions and prejudices . most people are not able to overcome prejudice .
majority of people play games based on assumptions and prejudices . most people play the games . the most popular games
majority of people lie on assumptions that lie on a base of prejudice . most people achieve their goals based on the
child listens to music while traveling in a car. .. a child travels in the car with his
children are watching television while traveling in a car. They are traveling with their parents. The children are traveling in the car
children play chess while traveling in a car. They are traveling with their parents. The children are playing ches
child is walking to the car to travel to school. Other children are traveling in the car. Some children are walking to school
children play basketball while traveling in a car. They are traveling with their parents. The children are playing basketball in the car
trumpets and other musical instruments are stored in a music store. They can be heard playing the trumpet and other instruments.
trumpets and bass instruments are heard in a concert hall. The music is played on a large stage. The audience
trumpets and other brass instruments are heard in a band. They are made of a variety of materials. .
trumpets and other instruments are heard in an orchestra. The musicians are playing the material. The orchestra is preparing to play
marching band hears the sound of the trumpet and other instruments. They are marching material. The band is marching
audience listens to an orchestra playing in a concert hall. The audience is seated. The orchestra is playing a
listen to an orchestra playing in a museum. An audience of people are listening. An orchestra is playing a concert.
children listen to the orchestra play in a school. The audience is seated in front of a stage. The orchestra
audience listens to a game of hockey played by the orchestra . The audience plays hockey while the orchestra plays .
audience listens to an orchestra play during a sporting event . . orchestra plays a musical piece . during
man stabbed to death in a pool of blood on the way to death . a man is sort of
man stabbed to death in the most gruesome way possible . stabbing a man to death with
man stabbed to death in a sort of charming way . the way he died . a man
man is stabbed to death in a different sort of way . a man is being arrested for stabbing
man stabbed to death in a different sort of way . . stabbing a man to death with
a boss is asking for money at the end of the week . a woman is getting a phone call from
bosses are getting their money at the end of the week . . the boss is getting his money .
bosses are getting food at the end of the week . . the boss is getting food for the first time
bosses are getting ready for work at the end of the week . . the boss is getting ready to work
bosses are getting a lot of energy at the end of the week . . the boss is getting 
plan to eat a dog that has tickets to the lottery . . the dog eats a ticket
person eats a dog from the hand of a person who is planning to buy a ticket . 
plan to eat a dog at a baseball game at the stadium . ..a dog eats
and a dog plan to eat a ticket to a movie. . plan to buy tickets for a
plan to eat a dog in the kitchen with a ticket . . plan to buy tickets for a
place to buy fruit in san francisco . ..a place where people can buy fresh fruit in
woman buys fruit and places it in a refrigerator. Places it in the refrigerator. The refrigerator is stocked with
place to buy fruit in a big box from a retailer . ..a place where you can buy fruit
woman is buying fruit from a tree and placing it in a basket. She is placing it on a table.
woman buys fruit at a market . Places to buy fruit at the market. ..a place to
woman heads to the desk to consult on paperwork. She consults with a man who is head of the office. She
head of a meeting consults paperwork before heading to the meeting . ..a woman heads off to a
head of an office consults paperwork with a woman. She heads to the office to head up the paperwork. .
head of a man consults paperwork at a table. . a woman heads to the head of the table
woman heads off to work on paperwork and consults with her husband. She is consulted by her husband as she works on
boy is having fun painting his nails and hurting his nails. He is having a lot of fun. he is
kids have fun playing with marbles and hurting each other. They have fun having fun and not getting hurt. .
kids are having fun and not hurting themselves while constructing a bridge. They are having a lot of fun and
need to rest and have fun . i need to have fun and rest because i am hurting and need to
kids have fun having fun and hurting each other on a wild ride. They are having a lot of fun and
exhortation to give assistance to those who need it most . church giving assistance in the hope of christian
church is giving assistance to people in need of hope in the hardships . . church gives assistance to those in need
a church giving assistance to people taking risks and giving hope . the church is taking a risk and giving assistance 
church is helping to give hope to others by giving assistance. . a church is giving assistance to those who need it
church giving assistance to give hope and happiness to people in need . the church is a church that gives assistance to people
believe in god and die in heaven . i believe i will never die . but i do believe in
christian church believes in god and dies . i believe i will die . but i
believe in the imagination of the gods and die .. . i believe in a god but i
people believe that god died in a synagogue . they believe that he was killed by a 
believer dies in a monastic monastery . i believe in god . the monks believe in
children eat a hamburger cause it is tasty. They are eating a tasty hamburger. .. cause .
eating a hamburger can cause health problems . . eating hamburgers can cause problems for your health .. eating
man eating a hamburger and causing a cake to fall on him. Causes him to eat the hamburger.
indigestion caused by eating hamburgers . . eating a hamburger can cause stomach pains and nausea .
eat a hamburger cause weight gain . eating hamburgers causes weight gain. eating a lot of hamburgers can
refrigerator with shelves hidden behind the door. This refrigerator is a great example of how to hide clutter in a kitchen.
shelf hidden behind a door in a bookstore. . a woman hides a book on a shelf
shelves hidden behind the door of a cupboard. This is a kitchen cupboard with a white door. This cupboard is
shelves hidden behind a door in a building. A school is a school. A building has a library and
shelves hidden behind a door in a wardrobe. This is a great way to hide clutter in your wardrobe .
motor caught in a pail drained from a garage. This is a typical garage with a drain
pail of hardware caught up in a drain at a hardware store . a motor and a pail
utility room with a pail of water and a motor draining it to a drain in the utility room.
motor wishing to drain a pail of water from a well . motor catches the water in a
pail of laundry caught in a motor draining into a pail. The motor is catching the water and
ice storage is a great way to pack cold in a house . find the right kind of storage for your
find the right kind of storage for your freezer in your house . . find the best kind of freezer for your house
find a way to store all kinds of cold in a house . a laboratory is a great place to
kind of storage you can find in a warehouse or a house . i found this kind of cold storage in
refrigerator is a great way to store all kinds of cold in a house . . refrigerators are a
restaurant in a city that is a big tourist attraction . the city is big and has a lot of restaurants
a restaurant in a small town .. . a town is a popular tourist attraction with many restaurants
small restaurant in a small town. ..a small restaurant is a popular place to eat in small towns
canadian restaurant is one of the most popular restaurants in the country . . canada is a great place to
yellow pages of a restaurant in a city . . yellow and white restaurant with yellow and blue menus.
pitcher throws a pitch to the mound after stepping out of hell. ..a pitcher is thrown
pitchers step on the mound during a baseball game at the stadium. ..a pitcher throws a
pitcher throws a pitch on the mound of a golf course. The pitcher is stepping down from the mo
pitcher throws a pitch on a mound in africa . . african baseball player steps on the mo
pitcher throws a baseball on the mound at the baseball diamond. . a pitcher steps up to throw 
platform is found below the statue of liberty . Below the platform you can find the statues of liberty and other monuments
find a statue on a platform in the arena . . the statue of liberty is found on the platform of
find a platform for a concert in the hall of the statue of liberty . a man finds a statue
statue of liberty is found on a platform in the museum . . statues of liberty are found on the platform
find a statue on a platform near a building . . platform to find the statue of liberty .
round brush with a brush for hair example. . example of a round brush for long hair . a
ladies brush their hair with a round brush in the bathroom. This is an example of how to brush hair in a
round brush is an example of art for brushing hair with a round brush . example of a hair brush for
example of a round brush for brushing hair in a shower . example of how to brush hair in the shower
round brush for brushing hair in a salon for example. . example of a round brush in the hair salon
a young boy and a parent meet and think about what is interesting and what isn't he suffering from
a parent thinks he is suffering from boredom after lifting weights for the first time in years . 
a child suffers from boredom listening to music with his parents . he thinks he is suffering from
children playing chess with their parents who think they are suffering from boredom. They think their parents are suffering. They
a parent thinks he is suffering from boredom . i don't think he suffers from
man eating a hamburger with a stick and a piece of cake at a picnic. He is eating hamburgers
kids have fun eating hamburgers on a stick at a picnic. They have a lot of fun having hamburgers
eat a hamburger on a stick at a picnic . a man eats food that is poison
man eats hamburger on a stick at a picnic. He has heartburn. He is eating a hamburger
eat a stick of hamburger at a picnic to gain weight . a man eats a hamburger
sparks coming from the electrodes of a battery connected to a cigarette lighter . The battery is turned on
sparks are connected to the electrodes of electronic equipment to turn it on. The equipment is turned on and turned on.
spark connects the electrodes of an electrolytic cell and turns the cell on its head. Electrolytic cell is a
spark connects a charge to an electrode and turns it into a spark. The charge is then turned on. The
sparks coming out of a tube connected to an electrode. The tube is then turned upside down and connected to a
government and other entities work together to create a country . . government works together to build a new entity 
government is an entity of democracy that works for the people . democracy is a system of government . government is 
government and other entities work together to create a united canada . . government of canada is an entity that works with
government and other entities work together to create a new civilization . civilization is an entity that works together to build a
government entity working in the office of taxation . the tax office is one of the most important offices in the country 
student answers a question about engineering . The answer to the question is .. . a student asks
engineering student learns a new language .. . a student is learning a foreign language in a
students do mathematics and engineering in a classroom. . a student is doing engineering and mathematics at the university .
able to count the number of students enrolled in engineering at the university . Counting students is one of the
students begin to study engineering at the university . students begin their studies in engineering . . engineering is one of the
students are learning how to understand division and multiplication with the help of a teacher. The teacher is teaching them how to
students understand the concept of division and multiply it with a teacher . They know how to multiply and divide . 
students are putting their knowledge together to understand what is going on in the division. The teacher is putting them together to
students understand the importance of unity in the division . a teacher explains how to get students to know each other 
teachers and students know how to pay their debts and how to understand the division of debts . students understand how to
kids know the definition of time in the pocket of a dictionary . a kid knows the time of day .
kids know the definition of time in a classroom with a dictionary . . kids know how to use a
kids know the definition of time in a dictionary . . kids know how to use a time table .
kids know the definition of time in a dictionary at the library . .. a kid knows the time of
kids know the definition of a word for the first time in a dictionary on a shelf . ..
cause the enjoyment of riding a bike for a long time . . riding bikes is a great way to
fatigue is caused by riding a bike for a long time . . fatigue is the most common cause of fatigue
woman riding a bike and falling down at the same time. This is the first time she has fallen down on a
lost time riding a bike is a cause of getting sick and getting sick . . time is lost riding 
ride a bike for the first time in a long time causing a little bit of thirst . .
feline eats food that happens to be a cat . ..a cat is a feline
cat is thirsty after eating food. This is what happens when a cat is hungry. What happens when the cat is
cat has sharp claws and eats food. This is what happens when a cat has food in its mouth.
pussycat eats food that happens to be a cat. This is what happens when you have a
cat is hungry and tries to find food. It happens to be a black cat. . a cat is
music is turned off and the room is silent. There is no sound and no music in the room. The room is quiet
music is turning up in a dark room. The room is full of operas and noise. The noise is coming from
music is turning into silence in a room. There is no music in the room. The room is quiet and there is
loud music is turning on the television in a living room. There is a loud noise coming from the television. The
elevators turn on music and make noise. The music is loud and the noise is loud. There is no music in the
fast food in a restaurant in new york city . food from country and fast food at a fast food restaurant 
fast food restaurant and restaurant in a block of flats in country . fast food and restaurant on a street in
fast food restaurant in the center of a small town in country . fast food restaurants and fast food in a restaurant
fast food in a restaurant in country in the united states of america . fast food at a fast food restaurant
fast food restaurant in a city is a big food country . fast food is fast food and fast food .
young girl uses a string to move around the room and tie it around her neck . she uses it to move the
man uses a string to move around on a windy day. He uses the wind to move the string around.
a woman uses a string to weave a bow and move it around the room. She uses it to move the
string is used to move a string on a bed. This is how you can use it to move the bed.
man uses a string to move a ball up and down . man uses it to move the ball up .
people walk through a passage to catch an elevator and catch a train to the central tomb . a man walks
people walk through a passage to catch an elevator and catch a train to the arena. They catch the train at the
people walk through a passage to catch an elevator to access the central rooms . . elevators and catch access to
people walk through a passage to catch an elevator and catch a train to the central building . the public can catch
people walk through a passage to catch an elevator and catch a train to the central house. They are walking through 
potatoes are kept in a cellar of a farmer's store. Farmers keep them for sale at a market.
bag of potatoes kept in the cellar of a grocery store. . a bag of potato is kept in a
potatoes are kept in a pantry in the cellar . ..a pantry is a place where you can keep
bunches of potatoes are stored in a basket in the cellar . Keep them fresh . keep them fresh in
store potatoes in the fridge in a cellar. .. a fridge keeps them fresh for a long time.
people build a network of trust with each other . . people are building a strong network of people .
people are hurrying to get their homes connected to the network . people are rushing to get to their homes .
people are ignoring the network . . people are ignored by the internet . the network is full of people who
people believe in a network of gods . . people in the network believe in the existence of god .
people jump to conclusions and jump to the network . ..a network of people are jumping to conclusions . people
sock in a linen store with spares for a hospital . a man in hospital with a
sock and spare linen in a chest in the linen store . ..a spare chest of spares
spare sock and linen are stored in a closet at home . . spare socks and linens are stored
socks and linens are stored in drawers of a dresser. The dresser has drawers for spare
sock and linen in a cabinet for spares . . linen and spares are stored in the spare
people are jumping to conclusions and not thinking about what they are doing. . people jump to conclusions when they see a
people are hurrying to get their homes ready for the holidays . . people are thinking of moving to a new
people are building a community that people can trust . i think this is a great way to build trust 
people think about how to pay their bills. People think about what to do with the money they have. People are thinking about
people think they are singing a song. I think a lot of people think this is a good idea .
sex sexploiter is a result of sexual exploitation . result of a sexual assault 
chickens are sexed and resulted in a sexual relationship . result of a sex
sex is the result of a reproductive cycle . . result of the reproductive cycle for both sexe
procreation is a result of sex . . result of procreating a woman .
sex is a natural result of human experience . . result of sexual activity is the experience of a
artist creates art out of frustration and frustration . i am frustrated with the frustration of not being able to finish
a woman relaxes after finishing creating art . i love the idea of creating art and finishing it .
a woman creates art by eating a piece of art and finishing it off with a glass of wine .
enlightenment artist creates a piece of art and finishes it off with a painting . .
artist creates a piece of art and finishes it off with a message . art and communication . .
man gets dirty and cleans his clothes. He cleans up his dirty clothes. Then he gets dressed and goes
woman is cleaning her clothes and writing on her clothes. She is writing in her clean clothes. The woman is writing on the
woman uses a clothe to clean her clothes with water. She uses it to wash her clothes. Then she uses
clothes are being laundered to clean them. This is a simple way to launder clean clothes. This
clothes are being cleaned with soap and water. The soap is being used to clean the clothes. The clothe is
are trying to reduce the weight of the rays . . try to reduce their weight . by trying to
try to lose weight by reducing the rays of the sun . . try to gain some weight .
try to reduce the weight of the rays and make them smaller . try to make them larger . reduce the
try to reduce the weight by augmenting the rays of the sun . by reducing the amount of ray
try to reduce the weight and get bigger . rays of the sun can help you get bigger and smaller .
old person thinks he is a baby . i think he may be an old person but i
and a baby begin to talk and begin to think about things at an early age . baby begins to think and talk
baby thinks he is an adult . i think he's about the same age as a baby
man thinks he is old because he has a baby at an early age . i think he
little girl thinks she's a baby of a certain age . i think she is a little
children playing percussion instruments at home with their own instruments . percussionists play percussion at home on a
percussionists playing percussion instruments in a music store. They are playing a variety of instruments and music.
percussionists playing instruments in a marching band. They are playing instruments and percussion. The band is march
percussionists play instruments and percussion in an orchestra. The orchestra is playing a concert. Instruments and 
percussionists play instruments and percussion at a party . ..a group of musicians play percussion
man is trying to play a ball after losing a try. He is losing the ball. He tries to play
players try to play a ball during a competition . They are trying to win the ball . they are trying
kids are trying to have fun playing with a ball. They are having fun while playing with the ball. ..
players try to win a ball during a game of football . They are playing football and trying to win the ball
players try to play a ball after an injury . They are trying to avoid an injury while playing soccer ball .
need to compete against each other in order to cheat on a term . . cheating is a common term
need to compete against each other in order to win a fair and orderly competition . they need to be able
need to compete against each other in order to win a competition . . order to compete in a term of
athletes need to compete against each other in order to win a term . they need to be able to compete in
need to compete against sabotage in order to win the term . . the term of competition is a
silk jean is the most popular item in the collection . This item is a must have item in your wardrobe 
mulberry and silk items on a tree . . silk and mulberries are a popular item in
silk garments are one of the most popular items in the fashion industry . This item is a fashion item .
expensive items of clothing are made of silk . . silk is one of the most expensive items in the world .
parachutes are made of silk and other items. This item is a fashion item. The item is one of the
know about the wealth of information in the national park . . know the information you need to know before visiting the park
i know that the internet is a wealth of information . but i don't know how to use it
wants to know what you need to know before you go to a meeting . i want to know about the wealth
a library is a treasure trove of information and wealth that everyone should know about . . knowledge is wealth
wealth of information you need to know before buying a book . this book is a must have for anyone who wants
receptionist tosses a resume into a drawer of a filing cabinet. The receptionist sees a
receptionist is tossing a resume into a drawer in the nightstand. The receptionist sees the
receptionist tosses a resume into a drawer in the kitchen. The receptionist sees it in the cabinet
receptionist is seen tossing her resume into a drawer in the office. The receptionist sees a
receptionist tosses a resume into a drawer on the floor. The receptionist sees a pile of
dilutes the water that happens to be injected . This is what happens when the water is diluted .
man injects blood into a vein and thins it out. This is what happens when blood is diluted with water
woman takes several forms and injects water into her body . ..a woman injects a small amount of
man injects water into his clothes and then he gets wet. This is what happens when it gets really wet
moving water is injected into the mountains . . The mountains are surrounded by mountains and a lake .
athlete is relieved after soaking in a tub while playing baseball in the hall of fame .. . 
athlete is soaking in a tub while he is playing baseball. The athlete is relieved of his errors while playing
athlete is soaking in a tub to relieve his pain while playing baseball. The athlete is relieved of his pain after
athlete soaking in a tub after a strike while playing baseball. The athlete is relieved after the game. The
athlete is soaking in a tub to relieve his sore muscles after playing baseball. The athlete is relieved by the
gamblers are playing cards to cause a problem. The gambler is causing a lot of problems. The
gamblers are causing double winnings in a casino . a gambler is causing a double
gamblers are causing a lot of money to lose. . a gambler loses money on 
gamblers playing poker in a cause. . a gambler causes a commotion when he
gambler wins a prize at a casino . cause to be a gambler . the gamblers
reasons to eat vegetables to lose weight . eating vegetables is one of the most common reasons people eat fruits and vegetables
reasons to eat vegetables . vegetables are good for you . eating vegetables is a good way to get rid of
people eat vegetables for a bland reason. . i don't like the bland taste of vegetables. 
child chewing on a vegetable and then eating it. There is a reason why he eats vegetables.
reason to eat vegetables is to get fibre from them . vegetables are a good source of fibre . .
head of a man knows he has a lot of debts to pay off . i know he
slender man with a thick head thinks he's a bit taller than he is
unacquainted man with a thick head thinks he knows what he is talking about .
i think my head is a bit thick but i know it's going to be flowing . i
head of a bald eagle knows he's biting a bit of thick and spars
children hear the strings of a violin as they play in a school. They are learning how to play the violin.
hear a string of violins in a quartet . violins and violas on the strings .
strings of a violin playing in an orchestra. I hear the wind and strings of the violin. I can hear the orchestra
woman hears the strings of a violin being blown in the kitchen. She is playing the violin. She hears
violins with strings and wind in a living room. I hear music on the strings. The room is filled with people
earth is warming up due to the warming sun . . the sun is warming the earth .. the earth is
tan in the sun .. . a woman is tanned in the shady
light from the sun on a cloudy day . The sun is shining through the clouds . ..a
life on earth is based on the sun . . the sun is the largest planet in the solar system .
is the heat of the sun on a summer day . . the sun is blazing through the clouds and
train in a station in the downtown area with people living on it for long periods of time ..a train is
train at the station in the centre of a town with long lines of people living on it. The train is long and
train is parked in a train station with a bedroom and a living room. Trains are long and slow
train is parked at a station in europe where people live and work long hours. The train is long enough to
train is parked at a station in a city with lots of people living on it. The train is long and
squirrels are sorting out which kind of animal they want to pet in a pet store. . squirrels live
squirrels living outside sorting out food for other animals. . squirrels are the most common species of animal to live
squirrels are a kind of animal that lives in the woodlands . . squirrels and other animals live in
squirrels are a kind of animal that lives in the ocean . . squirrels and other animals live in the
squirrels and other animals live in a cafe. They are all different kinds of animals. squirrels are the most common
ficus living in a log cabin in the woods . .. a fungus in the
ficus living in california . . live in a cave in the mountains .
ficus living in a yard in front of a house . . live in the front yard .
ficus living in a conservatory . The conservatory has a terracotta roof and a
ficus living in a tropical forest . . tropical forest with tropical fungus .. fic
sharks are being counted by a team in a court room. . a shark is being count
a team of researchers counted sharks in shallow waters . evidence of a shark in the shallows 
sharks are being counted by a team of poker players during a game of poker . The team is
world's largest sharks have been counted by a team of scientists from around the world . .
sharks are being counted in a pond in an arena. The team is counting the evidence. The shark
president issued a ban on snakes on the streets . . president issued an order to ban all snakes in
president issued a ban on snakes in the tropical forest . . the president issued an issue to ban snakes
president of eden issued a ban on snakes in the garden . . president of bans on snake
president issues a ban on snakes in new mexico . . president of the republic issued a statement
president has issued a ban on white snakes in the house . . president has banned the use of snakes
bird searching for food on the ground after missing a rock. The bird has missed a few rocks. Birds are
bird searching for a rock in a drawer. The bird has missed a few rocks. Birds are searching for
a bird is searching for a rock on the surface of the earth. Birds are searching for food on the rocks
bird searches for a pizza on a rock and misses it. Birds are searching for pizza on the pizza
bird searching for a rock near a waterfall. Birds are searching for food on the rocks near the waterfall .
boy scrapes his knee as he fetches a bottle from a supermarket. His son is scraping
diaper scraped on the knee of son while fetching a bottle from a bag. Son scrapes the
son scrapes a bottle of liquor off his knee as he fetches it from a liquor store.
son scrapes a log with his knee to fetch a bottle from a hollowed out log. He
son scrapes his knee while fetching medicine from a cabinet. He is scraping a bottle of medicine from
students borrow a dictionary and expect to write in it in a classroom. They are expected to write and read it.
girl borrows a dictionary and expects to write in it. Expecting to find it written on the shelf. Expect
borrows from a dictionary to explain the meaning of the words . . expect to find the words in the dictionary
girl borrows a dictionary from a table and expects to write in it. Expecting to write on it.
expect to borrow a dictionary from a library and expect to find it written in a different language . .
are in good shape to get in shape for good health . Getting in shape is the key to getting in shape and
woman is getting in shape by doing exercises and eating healthy foods. . Getting in shape is the key to getting in
looking to get in shape and tone the muscles . . getting in shape with the help of a gym .
are in shape and sweating to get in shape . Getting in shape means sweating and getting out of shape 
feel better after getting in shape . i feel like i am getting into better shape and feeling better ..
fountain with a statue shooting out a shot of liquid. The fountain is called a fountain of water. The statue
man shoots a large statue of a city in liquid . the city is called . .. 
man shoots a statue in liquid at a museum . the statue is called 'call' by a
statue shoots a shot of liquid in a swimming pool. The statue is called a statue of liberty .
man shoots a liquid at a statue in a park in central . . the statue is called 
children need to be taught what to do if they need help in the park . they need to know what they need
teach a child how to calm down when they need it most . A child needs to be calmed down when
teach a child how to be good when they need to be troubled . A child needs to be taught how to
teach a child how to be good when in trouble . i need to teach good behavior to my child .
children need to be taught how to be safe when in trouble . a child needs to be rescued from a
love the stain on the clothes but hate the paint on the house . i love the way it looks .
love the idea of painting a house with a brush .. . i would love to paint a
love the wallpaper and the paint on this house . .. i love the paint and the wallpaper in this house
i love the idea of painting electrical circuits in a house . i would love to paint a circuit
love to draw and paint a house. I love to paint it. . i love the idea of a
a woman wipes her feet on a mat near a door. A woman is wiped down by a
girl wipes her feet on a mat at the door of a school. ..a child wipes his
mat wipes the feet of a dog in the living room after he opens the door .. . 
mat wipes the feet of a dog in the doorway. This is a doorway with a wooden door
a bathroom with a towel on the floor and a mat on the foot of the door. Someone wipes the
people use the library as a book store during their travels . congress is the largest library in the world .
woman travels with a book in her pocket and uses it as a guide to the store .. .
woman uses a backpack to travel and buy books at a book store. . a woman travels with books
woman uses a suitcase to store books while traveling. She uses it as a way to store her belongings while traveling
people use a book to travel to a synagogue and use it as a place of worship .
gazelle is found in a field that is open to the public . a gazelle has been found in the
a gazelle g finds ivory off the coast of africa . a group of gazelles grazing on
gazelle trying to find a word in a dictionary . ..a gazelle is found in the 
gazelle is found on a steppe in the gobi desert . . gazelle are found in the
a gazelle is found in an encyclopedia . . gazelle found in a zo
compete to win or lose a lead in a competition with low lows and highs . . compete to
athletes compete in a low and high level of aggression. They lead the competition. They compete in lows and highs
compete to gain a lead in the low low highs . . compete for a place in the finals
compete to lead a low high after a defeat . competed in a match . led by a
compete in the low highs and lows . a man leads a group of competitors in a sweat 
block out the sun in the summer . . the sun is blocking out the rays of the sun .
block of sunshine in a park . .. a city block the sun from blocking the view . the
block of sunshine on a desktop . .. block of sunlight on the desktop with a tv.
sun blocking out the sea in the morning sunshine . . The sea is a beautiful place to spend the day 
full moon blocking the sun and blocking the moon . . the moon is blocking the sunlight . it is a
feel the coolness in the home as the heat turns to coolness . . the heat is turning to a
feel the heat and turn on a fan at home . ..a fan turns on as the heat rises
felt the heat and wet as they got home . . the rain turned into a haze as the
feel the heat and feel the coldness in this home . .. a home is turning into a warm
feel the heat as the air conditioner turns on in a home . ..a home with air conditioning turned on
pillow case in a cupboard in the kitchen used as a pillow case . pillowcases in the store .
pillows in a pillow case are used to store bedding in the store . pillowcases are used for storing pillows
pillowcases are used in a store in england . a pillowcase is used to protect the
pillowcases in a drawer used as a pillowcase in the store . . pillowcase and pillowcase
pillowcases and pillows are used in a bedroom at a department store . a pillowcase is a
kittens and a mouser growing up in a shelter. The mother and kittens are sheltered by a
kittens and a mouser growing on the floor with their mother. The mother and kittens are playing on a
kittens and a mouser growing in a warm place with their mother .. . a mother and
kittens and a mouser growing in a farmhouse. The mother and kittens are surrounded by their mother and
kittens and a mouse growing in a living room with their mother .. . a mother and kitten
human buys silk from a space shuttle . . the space shuttle is the first human to buy silk from space
human buying silk in a theater. . a woman buys silk from a stall. in the theater
human buys silk from china . . human buying silk from a silk market . silk from the silk market
man buys silk from a local restauraunt. Indians buy silk from human beings ..
man buys silk from a bar. Humans are buying silk from the bar. Silk is a natural product.
clavichord in the living room of a teacher . a clavichord in a
teacher playing clavichord in a parlor. The parlor has a piano, piano and a
a teacher plays music on a clavichord in a music hall. The music is played by 
a teacher playing music on a clavichord in a classroom. The room is filled with students and
teacher playing a clavichord in a museum. . a teacher plays a piano and 
ray bieifcase and a briefcase in a luggage machine at a store. rays of
ray of light in a courtroom with a bieifcase and a briefcase on a machine
ray of light on a machine with a briefcase and a bieifcase at the airport .
ray of light in a briefcase in the office of a building . rays of light ray
ray of light in the hands of a man with a briefcase and a machine. Rays of light
woman kissing her partner and worrying about the foundation of their relationship . she is worried about her partner's relationship 
kissing and worrying about the foundations of a relationship . a kiss is a sign of trust .
a couple kissing and worrying about their relationship at the foundation of cooperation . a kiss is a sign of
kissing bricks in a relationship and worrying about the foundations .. a couple is worried about their relationship
woman is worried about herpes after kissing a man at the foundation of their relationship . the foundation is 
commuters take a bus to work and commute to school . ..a bus is the only way to
people take a bus to work and then take it back to work. The bus is flying over a city. The
people take a bus to work and get on the bus. They get off at the bus station and take the bus to
people take a bus to work and travel to work. The bus is parked next to a train station. The
people take a bus to work and go home. The bus is parked at the bus stop. They are going to
man is going fishing to see if there are any fishes in the area . he sees a
kids have fun going fishing and having fun with the fish .. . fishing is a great way to have fun
man is going fishing and catching fish . ..a man is catching a fish while going fishing.
man is going fishing in wet clothes. He is going to go fishing in the rain. ..a man is
man is going fishing and killing fish. He is killing fish while he is fishing. A man is killed by a
owner of a dog with fleas on him and his dog. The dog is bitten by a cat.
dog eats a cake from the owner . dog . owner of a dog and his owner. dog
dog owner is attacked by a dog. The dog is bitten by the owner. The owner is able to escape
dog owner defends his dog during a dog fight . . dog owner defending his dog .. dog
dogs run fast in a kennel with their owners. The owner of a small dog. The dog is
farmer needs seeds to grow a maze on his farm . . farmer needs to plant seeds in the maze
farmer needs seeds to plant a maze on a farm . a farmer is planting seeds in the maze
a farmer needs a maze for his garden on a farm . farmer needs it for his vegetable garden 
farmers need to grow corn in a maze on their farm . a farmer is growing corn on a farm
farmer needs to find food in a maze on a farm to grow vegetables and produce . farmers need to find
males begin to thin out and begin to grow thicker hair . a male is concerned about his thin hair 
males begin to grow hair in the ear in concern . a male begins to grow his hair . in
males are beginning to fall out of their hairs . they are concerned about the fall of hair . .
males are beginning to notice a bulge in their hair and begin to worry about it . . males
males begin to compost their hair . a male begins to eat the hair of a female . male
thinks it's going to happen if you play poker . When you think about it, you can't
poker players are playing a game of poker with an ante up. This is what happens when you play poker .
play poker with a drink . This is what happens when you play poker in a bar . It happens when
players are playing poker to win money. This is what happens when you win money playing poker. Poker is a game of
poker player loses money while playing poker. This is what happens when you lose money when you play poker. Poker is 
love the tingling of the sun on a snake . . the snake loves the rays of the
tiger snakes love the tropical tropics and the forest . i love the tingling .
i love the tingling of a snake when i pet it . i like the sting of
tiger snakes are rude and love to tingle .. . i love the tingling
love the sharp tingle of a snake . i love the sting of the tiger .
shrivelled vegetables and herbs in a pond with people and water. People are drinking water from the plants.
people believe that shrivelled flowers are a sign of god. They believe that the herb is a vegetable.
shrivelled flowers and vegetables near a swimming pool. People drive past the shriveled herb and vegetables.
shrivelled flowers of vegetables and herbs in a garden with people speaking english. People are speaking english at a
children are raising vegetables and herbs that are shrivelled. People are raising flowers and vegetables. Some of the vegetables are
ripe apple picked from a tree in the woods. Apples are picked from the branches of an apple tree
apples are picked from a tree in illinois. .. apple trees in a park. 
a man picks apples from a tree in indiana. A man is picking apples from an apple tree.
apple picking from a tree in the state of washington . apple picked from the apple tree in a park 
apple picking from a tree in tampa, florida. A man picks apples from an apple tree
janitor cleans the paper in a synagogue after a day of service. Janitor
janitor cleans the front porch of a building for a company that provides paper and other services .
janitor cleans the paper in a classroom at school .janitorial service is provided by jan
janitor cleans newspapers and other papers at a service for obesity .. .janitorial service
janitor cleans paper in a grocery store. Janitor is in charge of cleaning groceries and paper.
a man celebrates drunkenness with a cocktail on a sunny morning . a man is celebrating drunken
a woman having fun with a cocktail on a sunny morning as she celebrates her birthday . she had a
a woman celebrates a birthday with a cocktail and a headache on a rainy morning . .
hung over a cocktail in the morning to celebrate the new year . a group of young people are celebrating the new
a woman celebrates intimacy with a cocktail in the morning . she celebrates with her husband after a long day
seals are found on a clingfilm . ..a seal is found on the film .
seals are found in a film at disneyland . in the film . a seal is found
seals are found in a cave in the film . ..a seal is found in the cave .
find a seal on a cabinet with a film on it . . find the seal on the film 
man finds a seal in a movie . . movie about the discovery of a new species of seal 
woman finds a drop of blood on the floor after a crime scene . a man drops blood on a
woman finds a drop of blood in a vein on the floor. Blood is found in the veins of a
man finds a drop of blood on the floor of a bank. Blood is found at the bottom of the bank.
woman finds a drop of blood on the floor of a slaughter house. She finds blood on a wooden floor.
needles find a drop of blood on the floor. A woman finds a needle and drops of blood. Blood is
a planet is a place where people pay their debts and leave the planet at the end of their lives .
spacecraft leaving the planet at the end of the galaxy . galaxy is the last planet to leave the planet . 
planets leaving the outer space at the end of the year . . planets are the last planets to leave
planet in orbit leaving a place at the end of its orbit . . planets in orbit around the solar system
a planet is the last planet to leave the universe at the end of the universe . . planets are the
mailboxes slotted into the curb of a house in a small town. Apartments and houses in the building
front of a house with a slot for a mailbox and a front door to a town . 
mailboxes on the back of a house in a small town with slotted doors and a curb. The
mailboxes on the corner of a street in a small town with a slot on the curb. The house
porch of a house with a slot on the curb and a mailbox in the town. The house has a
actor thinks he looks like an architect on the mezzanine of a building . Architect thinks
architect thinks the mezzanine looks like a movie theater . Architect thinks he has a
architect thinks he's looking at a concert hall with mezzanine . concert hall looks like 
architect thinks a mezzanine looks like a floor of a building . . the mezza
architect thinks the mezzanine looks like a school . Architect thinks that the school has a
a person remembers to bring a book to read when the weather is not cooperating . person brings a
a person remembers the weather when he brings his own house to a party . he brought his own
a person remembers to bring a raincoat to the apartment to avoid bothering the weather .. .
a person remembers to bring more rice to a party despite the rainy weather . bringing more rice
a person remembers to bring a warm coat to work . bringing a coat in the cold weather 
enlightenment learning about the world and the reason for it . . learning about a world and its
learn to open your mind and understand the world around you . . learning about the world opens your mind . understanding
young people are learning to understand the world and the reasons behind it. Learning about the world is a great way to understand
young people are learning about the world and the reasons why they are smarter than the rest of the world . learning about
learn about the world and understand why people are angry . Learn about the reasons why the world is angry and why .
are going to sit down and play a game of chess . the result is that he is going to
children are going to play and being entertained. The result is that they will be going to be entertained for a while.
jobless people are going to play a game of chess to get a result . . result of
players are going to play a game to see the result . . the result of a play is going to
are going to play a game of laughs and have a good time . the result is that they are going
find information on how to trade with ulcers and join a school . the school is a great place to find
find information on how to join a trade school and get a degree . trade school is a great place to
find a way to join a school to learn about trade and find out more about the history of the trade .
gaining knowledge by joining a trade school and finding information . gaining information on trade and trade . and 
find a way to trade information for happiness and join a school . This is a great way to find out
are the things that cause problems when a baby arrives early . This is one of the many things that can cause problems
a baby learns how to walk without causing a problem . things that can cause problems . a
is a boy or girl causing a problem with a baby . a girl is the only thing that
things that can cause problems for a baby to bring joy to a parent . the baby is bringing joy to
baby is causing a problem by talking nonsense and causing problems . nonsense is the only thing that causes
hamshackle is used to cook a ham. The ham is shackled to a
ham and cheese on a pizza being cooked in the oven. The pizza is topped with cheese and ham.
ham is cooked in a fridge. This is a recipe for cooking ham. . ham in 
ham cooked in a refrigerator. . ham is cooked in the refrigerator. This is a recipe for 
ham is part of a meal that is being cooked. . ham and potatoes are part of the meal.
kid screams efficiency while running errands. The kid is running around the neighborhood. The kids are
kid screams insanity as he runs errands. The kid is running er
kid screams as he runs errands. The kid is aggravated and s
kids scream as they run errands. The kids are tired. They are tired of running er
kid screams as she runs errands. The kid is stressed out. She is running er
dishonesty lies in the details of a cigarette left on a table . details of the dishon
deceitful detail of a man lying on a bed and leaving a woman lying on the bed .
little girl lying in the garden with a leaf in her imagination . . detail of a man lying on the
deceptive detail of a woman lying on a bed . a man lies deceptively lying on the
man lying on his face and leaving a poker game. Detail of a face lying on a table with a
committing a murder causes problems . committing murder is a crime that can cause problems in your life .
man committing a murder causes great distress . a man is in distress after committing the crime of committing
a man is afraid of committing a murder because he is afraid he will be killed for committing it
man committing murder is sentenced to jail for committing a crime that caused him to be in jail . 
killer is convicted of committing murder and causing the death of a victim . The killer is accused of 
leader of a kind has been placed in a military place of honor . military leader is greeted by soldiers
leader is a kind of leader and he is fighting a battle at a place of worship . a
leader is a kind of leader to wildlife and places of worship . wildlife is one of the most endangered species .
leader is a kind and generous person and he has a place in his heart . he is one of
leader of a kind of organization is a place of worship . leader of the kind of place . place of
person says words to communicate with another person .. . a person communicates with someone by saying words .
people meet and communicate with each other in a room. . a person communicates with the other person .
person opens his mouth to communicate with another person. . a person is communicating with a camera. The person is
person thanks god and communicates with him .. . a person is able to communicate with god .
a person dies of cancer after being communicated with by a doctor . . cancer is a disease
man buys pork chops in a corner of a shop in england. The shop is a
man buys pork chops at the corner of a shop in a small town. The shop is located in the
man buys chops of pork in a corner of a shop. In the corner of the shop is a
pork chops are being sold in a corner of a shop in kentucky. This is a
iowa buys pork chops in a corner of a shop in the corner of the city .
child finds a toy car in a room. This is a child's favorite toy . 
boy finds a toy car in his bedroom. . a boy finds his toy in the car. 
find a toy for your car at home . a car is a great way to find out if
boy finds a toy car in a store . . toys for the car in the store 
toy car found in a house . toy cars found in the garage . find a toy for
fisherman with a fishing rod and hardware at a hardware store. . a fisherwoman with 
fisherman storing a fishing rod on an engine in a store. The engine is a small fishing rod
fisherman storing fishing rods at a fishing camp in the mountains . ..a fishing rod in
fisherman with a fishing rod in a store on a lake. ..a man is fishing with
fisherman with a fishing rod in a store selling fishing goods. The store has fishing gear and sporting goods.
friends having fun having fun and having fun at the same time . a friend sings and dances while having fun
friends are smiling and having fun while singing and dancing. They are having fun having fun. . a friend is having
friends having fun singing and dancing and being happy. They are having fun having fun. ..a girl is having fun
gleeful friends having fun having fun singing and dancing . ..a girl is having fun with her friends
friends are having fun having fun singing and jumping around. They are having a lot of fun and having fun. .
person finds water in a cooler at the office and gossips about it. Another person is gossiping about someone else.
worker finds a space shuttle and gossips with another person in the office. Another person is found in the space .
worker finds a baby in the office and gossips about it. Workers gossip about the baby at the baby shower .
worker finds a woman gossiping on the bus as he stops at the office. The bus stops to find a
worker finds a woman in the office gossiping about her family. Another person is found gossiping with someone else. Another
package of nail polish in a pocket . . nail polish is in the package with a nail polish .
package of nails in a container. Each nail has a number of different colors and sizes. Some of the nails are
package of nails in a nail cabinet. There are three different types of nails on the shelf. One of them is 
package of nails in a jar. Each nail has a number of different colors and sizes. Each jar has
nail polish is stored in a box with a nail polish package. This is a great way to store your nails
lazy person considers sports as a form of recreation . a lazy person is considered to be a sport 
a person considers owning a house as a form of sport . a sports person is a
sports person considers himself one of the most talented people in the world . a person is considered to be one of
affluent person considers himself a sporty person . he is considered to be one of the
person considers the possibility of reproducing a sport . a person is considering whether or not to reproduce a
act of sheer stupidity at a funeral is a direct reflection of the attitude and attitude of the deceased . 
act of ridicule and ridiculousness at a funeral . a man with a serious attitude and a
act of ridicule at the solemnity of a funeral . the attitude of the mourners at the
somber and ridiculous act of attitude at a funeral . ..a funeral is a ridiculous and so
man is acting ridiculously funny at a funeral. He has an attitude of death and a ridiculous act. He is
sharpening a pencil in a classroom at home with a sharpener and a broken pencil .
sharpening a pencil in a library with a sharpener in the classroom . pencils are broken
pencils and sharpeners in a classroom broken down by a broken pencil in the store. Sharpeners and
sharpening a pencil in a classroom with a broken pencil in the cabinet. Sharpener breaks a
pencil sharpener broken on a desk in a classroom. Sharpener broke in the drawer of the desk.
child sitting at a desk in a furniture store. . a child sits on a chair with furniture
child sits at a desk in a schoolroom. .. a child is sitting at the desk in
child sitting at a desk on a patio. .. a child sits on the patio with a
child sits at a desk in an office in a building. ..a child is sitting on a
child sitting at a desk in a library. ..a child sits on a chair in the library
moaning and trying to procreate an individual . an individual is trying to try and procreate . a
individuals are trying to procreate by trying to reproduce by dieing . . an individual is trying to lead a
individual is trying to procreate with a kiss . a woman is leading a couple to try and procreate
std lead a group of individuals trying to procreate a child . a woman tries to
individuals try to procreate their sanity . a group of individuals are trying to lead a procre
players lead a team in excitement after winning a soccer match . . soccer player leads the team to victory during
soccer player gets tired of playing soccer and wants to win a match . he is tired of winning the match 
soccer player leads a team to a win in overtime . soccer player wins a penalty kick during a match
man leads a man in anger as he plays soccer after he wins the match . soccer player wins a
soccer player leads a fight after winning a free kick during the match . soccer players are fighting to win a
map to find all the attractions you need to find at the amusement park . This map will help you find everything you
truck stops at tourist attraction to find tourist attraction on the map . . tourist attraction is a great way to find
mcdonalds map will help you find all the tourist attractions you need to find . a map
backpacks are a great way to find everything you need to know about tourist attraction . a map will help you
students need a map to find tourist attraction in a classroom . . map of tourist attraction to find .
wife is doing housework to help her husband out of boredom . her husband is helping her with housework .
wife is helping her husband with housework after arguing with her husband. She is doing the housework while her husband is
wife is helping her husband with housework and headaches. She is doing the housework while her husband is at work.
husband and wife help each other with housework after a long day of exhaustion. They are exhausted and need help
wife is helping her husband with housework in the park. Helping her husband do the housework. This is a
pop up advertisements on the web in the form of a page. ..advertisements come in the
pop up advertisements in the form of a pop up store . advertisements come in a variety of shapes and sizes 
pop up advertisements in the form of a pop up shop in la ville . . advertisements come out of the
red and white advertisements come out of a bus in the form of pop-ups. The bus is parked in
pop up advertisements in the form of an email. This is an example of what happens when an advertisement comes out of a
people living in a small apartment . ..people living in an apartment. Several people live in the apartment
people eat a cake and live a happy life . . people live and eat cake in a
people live in a bus at a depot . People live in the bus . The bus is parked next
crowds of people live in a stadium during football match . ..a stadium where football is played .
people live on the surface of the earth . . the surface is the only place on earth where people live .
strangers are being trained by a group of people. They are strangers. People are being escorted by
strange people are strangers to each other. Strangers are the only people in the world who are not strangers.
strangers are strangers to human beings. Humans are a strange group of people. They are all strangers
people are stupid and rude to strangers .. . a group of people are being stupid and stupid .
strangers are dangerous to people and animals .. . a stranger is dangerous to strangers and people .
jurors take notes during a hearing in a zone . a juror conveys his testimony to 
jurors are nodding and conveying their verdicts during a hearing in a special zone . juror
jurors hear testimony about a change in the heart zone . a jury hears testimony of a woman
jurors are conveying testimony in the zone of the hearing . a jury is preparing to hear testimony from
jurors are listening to the testimony of a witness during a hearing of testimony . juror hears testimony
man tries to catch a blowfish in the atlantic ocean . a man is trying to catch blowfish
man is trying to catch a blowfish with books. He is reading a book about how to catch blowfish.
tries to catch a blowfish in france . . blowfish is one of the most common species of
blowfish trying to get into an aquarium . Try to catch a blowfish in a glass jar .
people try blowfish at a fish market . They are trying to find the best fish for sale . blowfish
artery refers to the main artery of the neck and expedites its travel . artery in the neck 
artery refers to the main artery of the city and is used to expedite the flow of traffic .
artery refers to the main artery of the brain and is used to expedite its own travel . 
artery refers to the main artery for expeditious travel on the thruway . artery is the main
artery refers to the main artery to expedite the travel of food .. artery is the main
rules of the universe are taught in a classroom . . the universe is charged with rules of physics .
football player is charged with breaking the rules of the universe during a football game . . the universe is a
charge is the only thing that rules the universe and everything in it . . the universe is ruled by a
rule of the universe is a text in the book . a book of rules for the universe . the universe
laws of the universe are a lawbook of laws . the universe is governed by the laws of law .
woman with a bare butt stops and stares at the camera. She stops to stare at her butt and
woman stops and stares at a man with ample butts. She stops and looks at him. He stops and
girl stops and stares at her covered butt. She stops and covers her butt with a teddy
man bares his butt and stares blankly at the camera. He stops to stare and says something .
woman stops and stares at a man with ample butts. She stops and looks at him. He stops and
young women shop for clothing in a clothing store . ..a woman finds clothing at a thrift store 
woman finds clothing in a shopping mall. The mall is full of clothing stores. You can find everything from shoes to dresses
women find clothing in the department at a department store . ..a department of clothing in a clothing store
woman finds clothing in a drawer of a clothing store. ..a woman finds a dresser in 
woman finds clothing at a clothing store in a library. ..a woman finds a book in the store
car is going too fast for work at the end of the day . ..a man is working on a
work on a car that has been in production for several years . several years ago . the last work on the
honks the horn of a car at the end of the work day. The car is working on the
car is going to work at the end of the road. The driver is going fast. The car is coming to an end
car is running at the end of a work day . the car is starting to work on the end . 
person performs a task that requires creativity . a person needs help to perform the task . creative person needs
person needs help to perform a task . he needs help from a person who has hatred for him .
person in need of help performs a task . a caregiver helps a person perform tasks .. 
need someone to help perform tasks in the house . a person who owns a house and is unable to
person needs a helping hand to perform a task that requires a lot of money . a person needs help
man sticks a bottle of beer in his mouth and watches him drink it. He watches as he watches. A man
man sticks a beer in a refrigerator and drinks it. He watches it while he watches television. He drinks beer
man watches a game of hockey and drinks a beer. He is watching the game with a hockey stick. He
man sticks a beer on a stick while watching a casino. He drinks beer and watches a movie. He
man sticks a beer in a bar and drinks it. The man is watching as he drinks beer. He is
book a room at a hotel with a telephone at the front desk . the telephone is in the room at
books and telephones in the living room of a house . . book and telephone in a room .
books and a telephone in a room in the library. There is a library with a computer, a
book on a bed in a room with a telephone and a book on it. Telephone and book in the
books in a closet next to a telephone. There is a book in the room next to the telephone. Telephone
kansas driving in a field . .. a buck drives through a corn field
driver drives through a meadow in a field . ..a man is driving through the mea
farmer drives a tractor through a field of farmland . ..a man drives through the farml
driver drives through a field in the countryside . ..a man is driving through the countryside on a sunny
farmer drives through a field in the rural area . . rural area with a large number of sunflowers 
people are escorted to a library to learn facts about the state . . people are being esc
people are escorted out of a library and talking loudly. People are speaking loudly to each other.
escorted people making money in a library. People are making a lot of money. They are making money
people are escorted to a library and told they have nothing to do with the amount of money they have.
people are escorted to a library where they believe in gods. They believe that gods are the only
pond is located on the ground next to a tree . a small pond surrounded by trees .
bathroom located next to a pond surrounded by trees. The bathroom is located near a small pond. The
pond located in a forest surrounded by trees . a pond is a small pond surrounded
pond and trees located in the countryside . . The pond is located near a small pond .
pond located in a rural area with a large number of trees and a small pond . .
blowfish require a lot of water to live in the sea . blowfish are the only thing that can live in
blowfish are the only thing that require hatred to live .. . a blowfish is one of the few
blowfish are one of the most common things that fish require to live in a fish market . . blowfish
blowfish require a lot of water to live in their bodies . . the body of a blowfish is
blowfish require a lot of things to live in the jungle . . blowfish are one of the few things
eating a hamburger can cause nausea and vomiting . . nausea is a common side effect of eating hamburgers 
eat a hamburger and get the death effect . . eating hamburgers can have a fatal effect on your
eating hamburgers can have a negative effect on your health . eating a hamburger can cause illness . .
eating a hamburger can have a negative effect on your health . eating hamburger can cause health problems . .
eat a hamburger and gain weight . the effect of eating hamburger on weight gain . . eating a
man listening to radio while walking to work. He is going to work and listening to the radio. He listens to the
people are going to work to solve their problems. They are walking to work and solving problems. The problem is that they are
man is walking to work after going to work . he is driving to work. He is going to a job
woman is walking to work and going to work. She is going to walk to work in the morning. The woman is going
woman is walking to work after being late for work . she is going to work late . i am going to
refrigerators and washers are featured in the showroom of this appliance store . . appliance store features washers, dryer
refrigerators and washers are featured in this showroom in vegas. The showroom features a washer and dryer. The
refrigerators and washers are featured in the showroom of electronics store . . electronics store features a large selection of
refrigerators and washers in the showroom of a car dealership. The showroom features a refrigerator and a washer.
kitchen features a refrigerator, washer, and dryer in a showroom. This kitchen features stainless steel appliances and a dishwasher
mexican restaurant in a city remarking on the food . . restaurant in the mex
mexican restaurant remarking that it is the best restaurant in the world . restaurant in mexica
remark on a mexican restaurant in san diego . a restaurant is a
mexican restaurant in spain with a remark . ..a restaurant in a restaurant
remark on a restaurant in mexico . restaurant is a mexican restaurant . 
bees looking for the last honey from the source at night . . all the honey is coming from a
bees looking for a source of honey in a hive. The beehives are looking for
a farmer looks at the honey coming from a local source at a market . . honey is a
honey in a jar looking for a source . honey in the jar . look for the source 
bees looking for a source of honey . . honey is a good source of nutrition . look
a variety of flats to choose from in london . flats for rent in the city .
choose from a variety of apartments and flats in a new building . ..a building with a
can choose from a variety of flats in the city . ..a city is a great place to
woman chooses a variety of flats to fall down on . Falling down on the flats . Choose
can choose from a variety of flats in the town . ..a town is a great place to
weasel burrows into a tree with its legs and body. Weasels burrow into
weasel burrows its body into a mulberry bush. Weasels burrow their
weasel burrows into the body of a chicken in a coop. Weasels
viking with a weasel in his leg burrowing into the body of a ship.
weasel in a warren of rabbits burrowing in the legs of a dead rabbit.
disease destroying a rug in a city . . disease is a symptom of the disease .
is the third most deadly disease in the world to destroy a country . . the disease has destroyed third of the
is a disease that destroys the body of a human being . . disease destroys human body .
a hospital is destroyed by a deadly disease . . the hospital is in a state of emergency .
destroyed a building due to a disease . . the building was destroyed by a fire . disease 
a person is living with pain . . the pain of living is a constant recurring recurring pain 
is a person who lives and works in a way that is meaningful to them . a meaningful person lives and
people living in a house in english .. . a person is living in the house . the house
cotton candy is the only way a person can live . people can live without cotton candy . . cotton is
a person lives with headaches . a headache is a common occurrence among people who live in a
fan finds a new stove in a store . appliance store is a great place to find new appliances .
fans find a stove in a stadium after a match . . sports fans find their way to the stove
woman finds a dress in an emporium with a stove, fan, and other items of clothing. In the
fan is found in a room next to a stove. The room is hot and the stove is found on the stove
fans find a stove in the stadium after the match . football was played on tuesday .
woman feels tightness in her chest in a hospital in istanbul. .. a woman feels a
feel a tightness in their chest after a concert at the hospital . ..a woman feels a
woman feels tightness in her chest in the bedroom of a hospital . she is in a coma 
woman feels tightness in her chest while shopping for antiques in a hospital or antique shop. . a woman
human beings feel tightness in their chests in the hospital . ..a human being is being treated for
man gets arrested for buying beer on a float during a trip. ..a man is arrested after buying
had fun buying beer on a float during a trip . . had a lot of fun while having
man buys a float of beer on a trip to get sick . man gets sick after buying a
man buys a beer on a float and spends money on the trip. He spends the money on
man buying beer on a float during a trip of stupidity . . stupidity buys a
marmots found on a piece of land in north america . a marmot is a species of
marmots found on a piece of land in the united states . a marmot was found in a
marmots find a piece of land on the island of vancouver . a marmot is a
marmots found on a piece of land by americans . . americans find a small piece of
marmots find a piece of food in a cage and land on it. . a marmot finds
a surgeon begins to reduce the size of a patient's breasts before a client begins to undergo a breast
surgeon begins to reduce the size of a client's breasts before making a surgical cut. He begins by making
surgeons begin to reduce the size of a patient and begin to augment it . a client begins to reduce her
surgeon begins to reduce weight as clients begin to gain weight . a client begins to lose weight as he begins to
plastic surgeon begins to reduce the size of a patient before he begins to expand it . a client begins to
woman reading magazines and waiting for an appointment with a doctor. The doctor reads magazines and waits for her appointment.
woman reading magazines in a train at a station waiting for an appointment. A man reads magazines and waits for
people waiting for an appointment to read magazines at a newsagent. They are reading magazines and waiting for their appointment.
woman waits for an appointment to read magazines at the market. She reads magazines and magazines. She is waiting for an
woman reading magazines at a table waiting for an appointment. She is waiting for her appointment. A woman is waiting to read
foxes are found in a storybook. . a fox is found in the forest .
foxes are found in the woods . a fox is trying to find food in the bushes
fox finds a hen in a house . foxes and hens in the woods
foxes find a natural habitat in the forest . a fox is found in its natural habitat 
fox is found on the back of a yard . foxes are found in a fenced in
build hope after destroying the training . . hope was destroyed by a terrorist attack in a city .
builder hopes to tear down a tear as he goes down in training . . hope to tear up the
razed a building with hope to build a new training facility . . hope is building a
mutilated skeletons are built with hope . . hope is built on the ruins of 
builder hopes to build a new home after demolition and training . . the building is being demolished in
dog is seen leaping out of a kennel and running away. Dogs are seen running away from the
dog is seen leaping over a table and running away. The dog is running away from the camera. Dogs are
dog leaps out of the porch and runs away. The dog is seen running away. A dog sees a man
dog leaps out of the backyard and runs away. The dog is seen running away. Dogs are seen running around the
dog leaps into the park to see what he is doing. The dog is running and sees what it is doing
kids feel like they are being controlled by their parents . the parents are trying to get their kids to behave in a
kids feel like they are being guided by their parents . Parents guide their kids to behave in a safe environment .
kids are free to feel free to speak freely to their parents . parents and kids behave in a manner that makes them
kids are crying because they are not being behaved properly by their parents . the kids are being punished for their behavior 
parents feel that their kids are not being behaved properly by their kids .. . a child understands that
fiddles playing bluegrass music with a violin and a fiddle. The fiddle is played by a
young girls playing fiddles and making music on the violins. Making music on a fiddle. Fiddling and
young man playing fiddle and dropping a violin. He is playing the violin and fiddling. He plays the fiddle
fiddling a string on a violin or other musical instrument. A man plays a fiddle and other musical instruments
fiddling with a violin and having some trouble playing the fiddle. A young man is having some troubles playing the violin
cost free gift to give as a gift . buy a deadly gift and give it away for free . 
give a gift to an imprisoned person free of cost . buy a free gift for them .
cost free to buy a gift and give it away as a free gift . i bought this gift for my
gifts are expensive to buy and cost free to give . These are the most expensive gifts you can buy for free .
prisoner buys a gift that is cost free and gives it to prisoners . . prisoner gives a
woman has sex and flirted with a man. They have a lot of fun . .
girl flirts with a girl while getting laid.. ..a girl gets laid and flirts.. and
flirted with someone who was lonely. They were both lonely.
girl flirts with a man and attracts his attention . ..a flirting man attracts the attention
flirts and dances with a girl . ..a girl is flirting and dancing with her boyfriend.
fishing boat with an antenna tearing up in the channel of the river ... reception on a channel .
antennas on a fishing boat are tearing up and causing poor reception for satellite television channels... .
fishing boat with a tear in the antenna for channel reception in india . . satellite reception on a boat with
fishing boat with an antenna tearing up the channel in england. The boat has no reception in the channel.
fishing boat with an antenna tearing up the channel in europe. The channel is a major source of satellite reception 
rock band performs a song from their new album . . the band recorded the album and recorded it .
a band plays music during a concert . The band is performing live music . ..a band is
band performs at a concert held in the park . . band perform during the concert held on satur
blaring music from a live band performing in a concert hall. The band is performing in front of a
band performs during a practice . . The band is performing in a concert hall . the band is
dog decides whether to protect itself from bad breath . . dogs decide to protect themselves from the bad breath of other
dog decides whether to protect or defend itself. Dogs decide whether to defend themselves or protect themselves. Dog decides to
dog decides whether to run or not to protect itself. Dog decides how fast to run. Dogs decide whether to
dog decides to protect the ocean . a dog decided to decide to protect it . the ocean is a
dog decides whether it is safe to attack a dog . . dogs decide whether to protect themselves from attack 
farmer's bread is being ground in a field of wheat. . a farmer is grinding wheat for bread.
farmer is grinding wheat for bread in the countryside. . a farmer is preparing a loaf of bread. 
packets of cereal and bread are being grinded into a fine powder. The cereal is wheat and cereal. The
wheat is being grinded into a loaf of bread. This is a simple example of how to make a
wheat is being grinded in a mill to make bread. This is a picture of a grain of wheat
woman asks a man to fly with her satchel to a store at the airport . .
satchel with compartments for luggage asks a woman to fly to a store. The woman asks
pilot asks the pilot to store his satchel before flying. The pilot is asked to do so. The 
woman asks a man to fly a satchel into a room of a department store .
woman asks a man for a satchel of clothing and flies it to a store.
stockings and leggings made of nylon .. . a pair of nylon legging with a
leggings are made of nylon and rope. They are made from a combination of cotton and nylon. The rope is
woman is wearing leggings and nylon in a car. The car is parked next to a white car.
leggings are made of nylon. The clothing is made of polyester and nylon. This is a pair of legging
leggings in nylon with a zippered pocket and a drawer. . a pair of legging
children are running after the ball and laughing. They are spending a lot of time with each other. They spend a
sweating and running after spending time with the ball .. after spending some time with it . i spent some
football player is embarrassed to spend time running after the ball . he spent a lot of time on the field after
man spends a lot of time running after spending time with the ball . he is breathing heavily and heavily after
tiredness of running after spending time with a ball . i spent a lot of time with the ball 
need to rest and take action . i need to take action to get the rest we need .. .
i need to rest and sleep . I need to sleep and rest . ..i need a good
need to rest before sleeping .. i need to sleep . . I need a little rest .
are resting in need of motion . a man is resting on a bench in a park .
need to use energy to rest .. i need to rest and use my energy to do this . .
a new moon leads to boredom and hunger . a man wanders the wastes of boredom .
wandering around a deck of cards leading to boredom and hunger . . boredom leads to a lot
wandering through a book leads to boredom and hunger . a man wanders through the book leading to bore
wandering art leads to boredom and hunger . . art is a waste of time and energy that leads to
wandering around a grocery shop leads to boredom and hunger. I don't want to waste my time. I
stand in a long queue and begin to feel frustration and worry. i can't wait for the ride to begin
stand in a queue and begin to wait for the ride to close. People begin to worry as they begin to ride.
stand in a queue and begin to close their hair before the ride begins . i worry about my hair .
stood in a queue for a ride and began to worry about the time of closing .. . a
stand in a queue and begin to wait for the ride to close . . waiters begin to close the queue
man runs out of breath after a consequence of his breathlessness . . ran out of air . breathlessness
increased the rate of running is a consequence of increased heart rate . . the heart rate increases as a result
man is running down a hill and falling to the ground as a consequence of falling. . a man is
a man is running to bulk up his muscles . the consequence of running is a loss of muscle mass .
a man runs with calluses as a consequence of his running . a woman runs with the consequences of
a woman dislikes having a bath because she fears the water will flood her bath . she dislikes the idea of
dislike the idea of having a bath in the water . i hate having to bathe in it . I
have a fear of wetting the skin after having a bath . i don't like the smell of
a woman has a fear of getting wet in a bath . she dislikes the wetness of the
a woman has a rash and dislikes having a bath in water . i have a fear of
people are speaking in an auditorium with lights on. People are speaking to each other in the auditorium. The lights are
woman speaks to a crowd in an auditorium. She is surrounded by a large crowd. She speaks to the
students speak in the auditorium of a university on campus . ..a woman speaks in a lecture hall
woman speaks in the auditorium of a theater . ..a man speaks in a large auditorium 
woman speaks in an auditorium in a park. She is speaking to a group of people. She speaks to them
woman is moving forward as she walks. The woman is walking. She is moving in a straight line. The man is
man is walking on a locomotion machine. This is a man walking with a walker. Walking on
woman is walking with blisters on her feet. She is walking in a park. She has a blister on her
woman is walking on a rollerskate. She is walking along the track. She was walking on the rollers
woman is exercising by walking. Walking is a great way to get in shape. She is doing a lot of walking
bees are a group of citizens of united states . united states is the largest bee group in the world
bees in a group at a space station with citizens and a bee hive in space 
group of bees collecting trash from a trash can on a city street . a group of citizens are
bees in a field with a group of citizens on a sunny day. Bees on flowers in 
bees in a bouquet of flowers with a group of citizens. . a bee flies
glue is stuck to a desk and drawers in a class. The kids are playing on the desk. They are
children are playing with sticks and glue in a drawer in the kitchen. They are learning how to stick them together. They
class is playing with sticks of glue in a classroom. They are gluing the sticks together and sticking them together.
kids are playing with sticks and glue in their pockets in class. They are gluing sticks to each other and sticking them
kids are playing with sticks of glue in the office. They are gluing sticks to each other and sticking them together.
a mutation that begins to reproduce in the genetic material . a genetic mutation is a gene that begins reproducing
sexes have begun reproducing . sex is beginning to be reproduced by a female .
begin to reproduce by kissing each other and reproducing . . reproducing is a process of reproduction .
flirting with a woman who is reproducing herself . she begins reproducing and begins to reproduce . .
are going to begin reproducing a date on a teddy bear . . is going to start
children are playing sports for the first time in their lives and are limited in their time. They are not allowed to play sports
children are throwing things at each other for the limit of time .. . a child limits the amount of time
children limit the time they can spend reading .. . a child limits the amount of time he can spend
children watch tv for a limited amount of time. . a child limits the time he can spend
children are playing with toys and limiting their time. They are not allowed to play with any other toys. This is 
instructor explains how to make sauerkraut from a jar of liquid. This is how you can make kraut
instructor explains how to make sauerkraut in a glass and how to drink it. The instructor is explaining how to
instructor explains how to make sauerkraut in a pot of liquid. Sauerkraut is a fermented
instructor explains how to make sauerkraut from a container of liquid. How to make kraut from liquid .
instructor can explain how to make sauerkraut with liquid . ..a man can make kraut in a
cup of coffee in a dishwasher is ready to be poured into a cup. ..a cup of tea
woman drinking water from a cup at a fountain. A man is drinking from the fountain. Water is in a
girl drinking from a cup of sand in a box. She is a little girl with a 
woman is drinking from a cup on the toilet. She is in a hurry to get out of the bathroom. She
cup of tea on a wooden cabinet in the kitchen. This is a kitchen with a coffee maker and a
earphones and speakers are strapped to the ear of a man. Take it out and put it in
earphones with speakers and headphones strapped to the ear. Speakers and headphones are attached to the headphones.
earphones with headphones and speakers strapped to the desktop. This is a desktop with speakers and headphones. The
earphones with speakers strapped to the ear at a conference. The speaker is on the left ear
earphones with speakers strapped to the ear during a concert . a woman straps a
man explains how to cool off his anger . he cools his anger off with a glass of water 
angry woman writes a letter explaining her anger . . angry woman explains why she is angry and why .
angry people get mad and explain why they are mad. They are getting mad at each other. They explain their anger and get
man explains why he is angry and illustrates the points he wants to make. . a man 
explains how to destroy an enemy in anger . the enemy is destroying a city . . an army
kosher restaurant in jerusalem is one of the most popular restaurants in the city . a 
kosher restaurant in a neighborhood with many jewish neighborhoods . a restaurant is a popular choice for
kosher restaurant in the dining room of a hotel . a restaurant with a teppany
kosher restaurant in the city of new york . a city with many restaurants and a variety of cuisines
kosher dining in a restaurant . ..a restaurant with a teppanyaki restaurant
bald eagle flies over the state of washington . a bald and white e
bald eagles fly over the utah mountains .. bald and white e
bald eagles fly over the pacific in northwest . . the soaring e
bald eagle flying over a pond in northern california . northern e
bald eagles flying in the desert with a hawk in its talons. bald
sporting goods store is bringing knives and other goods to the store . . plans to bring knives to stores .
man bringing a backpack full of knives and a knife for a plan. He is bringing two knives and
bringing knives to the kitchen with a plan . Bringing knives into the kitchen is a great way to bring
sharpening the edges of a plan knife . bringing a knife to a sharper edge .
dog is bringing knives into the house . . plan to bring knives to the house. This is a great
people compete with each other to fulfill their calorie requirement . . people are competing to fulfill each other's 
people feed themselves enough calories to fulfill their requirements . . people are able to satisfy their calorie requirement .
lonely people feel satiated by the calories they need to fulfill their calorie requirements . . people feel lonely and
people talk about the need for each calorie in order to fulfill each other's requirements . . people are talking
doctor asks people if they need to fulfill their calorie requirement . a doctor tells them to eat
a place to cool off the stove in a house . . place to place a cooler in the kitchen
a warm place to place a stove in a living room . a fireplace is a great place to
place a gas stove or electric stove on a table. Place a pot of tea on the stove. Place the
a child burns wood on a stove in a crowded place. . a young child is 
browning a piece of meat on the stove. Place it on a plate and place it on the plate. Place
trance is a way of experiencing religious trance . a man goes into a state of t
woman is in a trance with her eyes closed and begins to go into a deep meditative state
tries to control a trance but loses control of the way he is going into it . t
trance is a way of going into trance . a man is going to sleep and begins to go
go into a trance and begin hallucinating . ..a man is going into t
computer users working at a computer in an office in a building. Computer users work at the computer in the office.
computer users working on the internet in a cafe. They are working on a computer. The cafe is full of computers
computer user working on a computer in the living room of a house. Computer user works on the computer at home.
computer users working on a computer in a school. Computer users work on computers at the computer lab. Computers are
computer users working on the internet in a cafe. They are working on a computer. The cafe is full of computers
horses are dancing in a circle to the music of carnival. ..a group of people are dancing to music at
group of horses dancing in a circle at night at a club. music and dancing to the music. ..
horses and dancers in a circle dancing to the music at a theatre. ..a group of horses
horses are dancing in a circle to the music of opera.. ..a horse is singing and dancing to the
ringmaster and a horse dancing in a circle to the music. Horses are circling the ring
people working on the mezzanine of a theater in a building. They are working in the auditorium.
mezzanine of an auditorium on the second floor of a building . work on the first floor .
mezzanine of a concert hall working as an auditorium in a new building . . concert hall
mezzanine of an auditorium in a building for education is being worked on. The auditorium and mezza
mezzanine of the auditorium of a building used as a school . auditorium and classrooms are
sleeping on a cloudy day after a rainy day . resting on the beach in the rain .
rainy day is a good day to rest and write .. . a rainy and windy day
baker makes bread on a rainy day and rests it in the oven. On a sunny day .
woman resting on a bed during a rainy day in a hotel room . ..a girl
people enjoying a rainy day while filming . .. enjoy the rest of the day after a long
people live in a tent with a stove detachable from a dwelling. People live in tents and
detachable car living in a dwelling with a stove and a fireplace. The car is detached from the
detachable living room with a stove and a living room. The living room is a separate room from
detach a stove from a dwelling and live in it with a friend . friends live in a
living room with a detachable stove in an apartment attached to a dwelling. The apartment is detached from the
revolving door to some kind of place in new york . kind of thing in a new york city 
revolving door in a public place is kind of a strange thing to see . a re
revolving door in a bank is kind of a strange thing to see . this is a kind
revolving door in a mall with some kind of thing on it . kind of place that has a
revolving door in a supermarket is kind of a place where you can buy all kinds of things .
woman reading books in a cabinet. She is reading a book. A book is on the shelf next to a
girl is reading books in a backpack. She is reading a book. The backpack is full of books. She has
girl reading books on a table. She is reading a book on the couch. She reads books at the table
girl reading books on a shelf. She is reading a book. There is a stack of books on the shelf
woman reading a book in a sink with books on it. She is reading books in the sink. She reads
a man finds seaweed in the ocean . . seaweed is a common ingredient found in the sea 
find seaweed in the ocean . . seaweed is found in the seaweed found in a cave .
a man finds seaweed in the water . . seaweed is one of the many types of seaweed found
find seaweed in the sea . . seaweed found in a cave found in the rocky coast .
man finds seaweed on the beach . ..a man finds a piece of seaweed at the beach.
lizards are feeding on a sunny day . a documentary about feeding a zebra .
lizards are feeding on a sunny day in costa rica . a large group of 
lizards feeding in a garden on a sunny day. .lizard feeding in the garden .
lizard feeds on a sunny day with encouragement from a teddy bear . The liz
lizards feeding in captivity on a sunny day. .lizard feeding in the zo
a saddening event that elevates the spirit of a young girl . a tragic event that happened to
demote the spirit and elevate the spirit at the same time . . this is what happens when you demot
depressing events happen to elevate the spirit of those who depress them . . elevates the spirits of those
a drop of spirit is what happens when you elevate your spirit . . this is the first time this has happened
is a decrease in spirit that happens when you elevate your spirit . . the spirit is elevated when you decrease your
catches the most crabs at the license offices of the government . government offices . most of the crabs are
fish and crabs caught with a fishing license from the department of government . . government catches crabs and
fancy crabs caught on a fishing license at a restaurant . . government licenses are required to catch crab
government licenses a submarine to catch crabs . . government catches crabs with a fishing license 
chesapeake crabs are caught with a fishing license in the bay of the bay . . government
chair found on the side of a bed in a bedroom . furniture . find a chair for your bedroom
chairs and furniture found on the side of a table. Find a chair and table for your living room . find
wheeled chair found in a barrow on the side of a building with furniture on it . .
chairs and furniture found on the side of a building . . find a chair in the living room .
chair found on the side of a desk in an office . furniture . find a chair for your office 
metals in a junkyard. The junkyard is full of junk. The metals are rusting. The
ore containing metals and other metals . . ore is a type of metal that is mine
metal instruments and a man playing a guitar. The musicians are playing metal instruments... .. metal instruments
fabrication of metal in a metal shop .. . a shop for metal fabrication . metal fabrication in 
metal bowls in the shape of a teddy bear. The bowls are made of metal. .
add the word manchester to the county of england to signify the county . . the word 
add the word united to the word kingdome to signify the county . manchester united signify a united kingdom
lancashire adds the word manchester to the county signifying the county . . manchester is 
added the word manchester to signify the greater county . . the city is a city in the county 
manchester adds the word cheshire to the county signifying the county . the word manchester is a
i got mad at the end of the program and kept getting an error . i kept getting mad at myself .
a program that keeps crashing at the end of the compile process . keep the program running . .
debugging a program to keep it from ending with an error . Keep the program running until the end .
wrote a code to keep the program from ending with an error . Keep the program running until the end of the program
i got frustrated at the end of the program and kept getting an error . i kept getting frustrated and frustrated .
sun is known to produce the most energy in the ocean . scientists know that the sun produces more energy than any other planet
know that the sun produces energy that can be used to produce heat . the sun is known to produce a lot of
life on earth is produced by the sun . the sun is known to be the largest source of energy known to man 
know that the sun produces a lot of energy that can cause wrinkles . . sun is known to produce 
sun is known to produce the most energy of all the planets known to man . we know it produces the most light
lawyer working with a group of lawyers in a conference room talking to an audience. Lawyers talk to the audience about
lawyers and lawyers talk to an audience in a courtroom. Lawyers and lawyers are talking to the audience. .
lawyer is talking to an audience in the office of a building. Lawyers are in the building to discuss legal issues.
lawyer talks to the audience of lawyers during a press conference . lawyers talk to the press about the charges against him 
lawyers are talking to an audience in a theatre. Lawyers are addressing the audience. Lawyer is talking to the audience
man shifts the chain and buys a new set of tires. Then he sets the gears on his
man buys a new set of tires from a garage and sets them on a chain. . a
set of chains to buy a set of tires for the kitchen . . chain to buy tires for your kitchen 
woman buys jewelry and a set of chains at a jewelry store. She buys a new set of tires
man buys a set of chains and tires at a hardware store. He is buying a new set of tires
i need to wash the roots of a plant before eating it . plants need to be washed .
cells of a plant need to be washed and nourished . millions of plants need millions of cells to
pigeons need to be washed and cleaned up before they can eat a plant . 
green leaves of a plant need to be washed and gathered to eat. To gather enough light to 
cat needs to be washed off a plant to eat the flowers . i need to wash the plants
ficus plants in a shady spot in the yard in summer . ..a fic
ficus plants on a screened porch in the yard in the summer . ..a fig tree
ficus plants in pots in the yard in the summer . .. a fig tree in the
ficus plants in a yard in summer . ceramics and ceramics in the yard . ..
ficus plants in a pot in the yard in summer in clay . ..ficus is a
parents and children reflect on the behavior of their children .. a reflection of their behavior . children and their parents
old people reflect on the behavior of children as they grow up . old people are reflected in the reflection of old people
children play with a ball and reflect on their behavior . reflections on the behavior of a child . children
children and adults reflect on the behavior of many children and their parents. Many adults and children are reflected in the mirror.
child is growing up and reflects on the behavior of other children . reflection of a grown up child in a
family greets most of the people in the apartments . Most people greet each other as they enter . apartment .
most people are listening to music as they greet each other. Most people are greeted by the music. Some people are
people are greeted by their friends and family. Most people have family and friends.
ophiolites greet most people and their families . ophiolites are one of the most common 
hugs and greets most of the people in their family . . most people hug and greet each other .
buy a hose to water the garden in a shed . find a watering hose in the garden
man finds a hose in a hardware store and buys it. He finds the hose at the hardware store
buy a hose to water a greenhouse . . find a watering hose for your greenhouse 
hoses are found in a garage and can be bought at a local hardware store . a man is
man finds a hose in a van and buys it. He finds water in the van. He buys
need a room to prevent an airbase from entering the control room . . airbase has a control room
need to be able to prevent people from entering the control room of a prison . . control room to prevent
need a control room to prevent a fire in a mill . This room needs to be controlled to prevent fire
control room is a room that is used to prevent the loss of nuclear energy . This room is the control room for
a recording studio needs a control room to prevent unwanted noise from entering the recording room . control room prevents unwanted
slices of pizza are being eaten at a table. People are eating a slice of pizza. Some people are eating pizza
slice of pizza on a plate. People eat it on the table. People are eating slices of pizza. Pizza on
man eating a slice of pizza in a restaurant. He is eating it on a white plate. He eat
slice of pizza is being grilled in the oven. People are eating slices of pizza. Some people are eating a slice
slice of pizza is a popular way to eat a meal . . people are eating slices of pizza in
woman changing her costume in a dressing room of a theater. She is dressed in costume and changing her hair. She
woman changing her costume in the dressing room of a train. She is dressed in a costume and changing into a
woman changing her costume in the dressing room of a bathhouse. She is dressed in a costume and changing her hair
woman changing her costume in a dressing room of a dwelling. Dressing room is a room for changing clothes and
actors and actresses change their costumes in a dressing room. The dressing room is a changing room for actors and
homeowner frowns at the price of owning gas in his home . .. a frowning homeowner
homeowner frowns as he mails a check for the price of gas and property tax . ..
homeowner frowns as he looks at the price of gas on a board. The gas price is listed on the
homeowner frowns as he cuts the grass for the price of gas . . gas is cut at a
homeowner frowns when he receives the price of gas in the mail . . homeowner receives a
a thoroughfare meandering through a field of wooded hills and fields . ..a
thoroughfare meanders through the woods and fields of a city. ..a city is a
thoroughfare meandering through the woods and fields of country . .. a thoroughfares meander
thoroughfare meandering through the woods and fields of a town .. . a thoroughf
new thoroughfare meandering through a field in the woods of york city . a city is 
ottomans in a furniture store. .. a store with furniture and ottomans . furniture in the store
ottoman in a living room with a parlor. The parlor has a sofa and a fireplace. The
turkey in an ottoman on a white table. This is a great way to decorate your living room . .
living room with ottomans in the living room. This is a living room that has a sofa and a fireplace
living room with ottoman and a den with a sofa and chairs. There is an ottoman in the den. There are
workers are leaving a roadway leading into a neighborhood. They are working to repair a damaged bridge. Workers are leaving
workers are leaving a roadway leading to a city. They are working on a project to repair a bridge.
work on a roadway leads to the fate of a city . . work on the roadway leaves a trail
construction work leads to a roadway leading into the countryside . . roadways leading to the city . work is
construction work leads to a roadway that will leave a trail of maps . . work on the roadway leads to
jellyfish use the adriatic sea for food . . jellyfish in the sea ..
jellyfish use the sea in the mediterranean region . . jellyfish in the sea .
jellyfish use a hand to eat a jellyfish .. . a man uses his hand to
jellyfish are used as a food source . you can see how they use their shells to make jellyfish 
jellyfish use the atlantic ocean for food . . jellyfish are found in the ocean . in the 
chest of drawers and a shelf allow for storage . This is a great example of how to make a
stove with a shelf that allows for a stove to be mounted on a wall . allowing the stove to
shelf allowing alcohol to be held . . Allowing alcohol to sit on the shelf . allow the shelf to
bookcase with shelves that allow for a variety of books to be displayed. This bookcase allows for plenty of storage space
shelves allow for a variety of groceries to be displayed in a grocery store .. . a shelf allows
gruesome stabbing to death happens . a man is stabbed to death with a knife 
man is stabbed to death after being arrested for stabbing a man to death . the man was stab
man is stabbed to death in a pool of blood . . stabbing to death with a knife
stabbed to death in a mess of blood . . stabbing to death happened in the early hours of
man is stabbed to death in a grisly scene . a man is killed by a stabbing
passengers explain their fear of blowfish on a boat in cuba. . a man explains the dangers
styx explaining the fear of blowfish to passengers on a fishing boat. . a s
passengers explain their fear of blowfish in the atlantic ocean . a boat anchored in the middle of the ocean
a boat explains the fear of blowfish to a group of passengers in france . a man 
woman explains the fear of blowfish to passengers on a fishing boat in the jungle . a man explains
woman finds an office in a skyscraper . ..finding an office on the roof of 
find a new office in new york . . find an office in the new york city . this office is
students find an office in a building next to a school. . Find the school in the building . find
woman finds an office in a city. ..a city is a great place to find a job 
woman finds a way to work in a small office . ..finding a place to work 
gentleman is a member of a golf club . a gentleman is playing golf at a country club. 
gentlemen in a restaurant with a tuxedo. The gentleman is seated next to a
gentlemen at a university with a tuxedo in the background .. a gentleman is
gentlemen in a pub with a teddy bear .. a gentleman in the pub .
gentleman in a church on a sunny day. The church is full of young ladies and gentlemen. . 
young woman using a microscope to help her use a slide. Helping her use the lens of the microscope. This
photographer uses a magnifying lens to help abbreviate the title of a slide . . to help
young woman using glasses to help her use the lens of a slide. Helping her use a pair of glasses.
young woman using a slide to help her use the lens of her camera. Helping her to use a camera.
a man slides a telescope to help him use the lens. Helping him slide the telescope. Use the lens to
man buys gum and paper in a bank. He buys magazines and gum. The man is buying paper and gum
gum and magazines are on a rack next to each other. People are buying and chewing gum and paper. People buy
girl buying gum and paper for her bed. She is buying a magazine. She buys a paper and magazine.
gum buys a magazine at a newsstand. People buy magazines and papers. People are buying magazines and gum.
people buying gum and paper at a depot. They are buying magazines and paper. The bus is parked next to 
carpets and wood in a living room with a fireplace . . wood and carpets in the living room
wooden boat in the woods on a windy day. The boat is anchored in a lake with a
woods and a river in the woods . ..a river flowing through a wooded area
a lumberyard with a lot of wood in it. The lumberyard has a large amount of wood for sale
synagogue in the woods on a sunny day . . Synagogues and churches in the
pitchers feel the tension of the mounds in the desert. They feel the stress and tension. The pitchers are
pitchers feel tension on the mound as they play baseball on a rainy field. The pitching mound is
pitcher feels like he is in hell on the mound . a pitcher feels the tension and stress of a
pitcher feels the tension on the mound of a baseball diamond. He feels the pressure and stress of the game. He
pitchers feel tension on the mound during a baseball game at the stadium .. . a pitcher feels
chess players compete against each other in a game of effect . . the effect of a ches
chess players compete to perform better in a game . ..chess player performs a better
chess players compete in a game of sweat and spit . a woman is seen sweating after
chess players compete in a game of tension . . tension is a result of the tension created by
chess player competes in a frostbite effect during a game . ..chess
child reading a book to gain knowledge .. . a child reads books to increase their knowledge and skills
child reading a book on the cover .. . a child reads the cover of the book .
child is reading a book, but no one is reading it. There are no books in the picture. There is no
child reading a book in the past .. . a child reads a story in a library
children are reading words from a book. Many of them are reading the words from the book... ..
scuba divers enjoying a hot day diving in the sea . on a cloudy day . enjoy the
people enjoying a cool day on a hot summer day . . enjoy a day off from work .
people enjoying a hot cake on a sunny day. Enjoying fresh fruit and fresh fruit on the beach. Enjoy the
kids go for a swim on a hot day .. enjoy the sun and enjoy the heat . .
ice cream and ice on a hot day is a great way to enjoy a summer day . 
last words found in the foreword of a book . . find the last words in the last chapter of
foreword to find the conclusion to the book . . the book is a collection of short stories .
ikea book with instructions on how to find the foreword . find the instructions in this book . ikea
afterword found in the foreword of a book . . find the afterword to this book by 
find the epilogue and foreword to the book . . the book has an epilogue with a for
hour of the day on a week . . hours of daylight during the day .. during the week 
day is bright and sunny in the early hours of the morning . the sun shines brightly through the clouds .
hour of the day and night in a city . ..a city at night in the middle of a
hour of the fourth day of the year . . the sun rises over a city on a cloudy
hour of the day of the year . . the sun rises in the sky on a cloudy day 
a man understands both negatives and positives of religion . . religion is both a positive and negative
are unable to understand the unknowable religion . . religion is the only religion that can be known .
people are trying to understand the importance of religion in their lives . religion is important for people to understand . .
people understand religion in the ocean . . the ocean is one of the largest bodies of water in the world .
islamic religion is confusing and difficult to understand .. . a woman tries to understand religion .
couple is communicating to each other to explain what they are thinking and why they are having trouble communicating . a couple is
couple is trying to communicate with each other in an effort to explain the problems they are having. The couple is communicating with each
couple laughs and explains how to solve the problem of communication . a couple is having trouble communicating with each other
force explains how to communicate with a couple in trouble . couple is communicating with each other . force is trying
couple is communicating through a medium to explain their problems. . a couple is attempting to communicate with each other
man crosses a street in need of help after a ship captain died at sea . a man dies in
captain and a party of people need to be rescued from the sea after a man dies . a
a captain needs a person to die on the sea to experience life . a man dies in the sea
people need to cross a road in order to get to the sea . a ship captain is crossing the road to
crew member dies while rescuing a wounded person at sea . a man is rescued by a
children require special care as they grow up . . children need special care to grow . they need to be 
children require a home to grow up . . children come to the home to play and play . they require
young children grow fast and require food . . children need to grow fast to be able to feed themselves .
children are watching television as they grow up. They require a lot of time to watch. . a child grows
young children need to wash their own dishes as they grow up. Children need to be supervised while washing dishes. Children grow
says a city has a lot of houses in the center . the city is a great place to live 
a house in the center of a subdivision in a community . . says a local official .
newspaper says the house is a community center . the newspaper says it was built in the early 1900s . newspaper
residential area is a residential area with a large number of houses and a community center . residents say this is
a house in the center of a street in a community says it all . a man says he
syllables begin a letter written by general in a field . the letter begins with a
letters begin the alphabet in the field of general writing in english . . the alphabet begins with the letters of the alphabet
soldier begins writing a letter in a field with a word for general . the word begins with the letter 
general begins writing a letter in a field of email . . the general begins to write a long letter
general begins to write a letter of invitation to the field . . the invitation begins with the letter . and
pens and pens are used to write sentences on the paper to prevent the paper from drying out. This is a
pens with ink to prevent the ink from drying out . pens and pens are a great way
pens with ink cartridges to prevent ink from drying out. These pens are a great way to prevent
pens with caps to prevent the pens from drying out. These pens are a great way to prevent a
pens with a cling film to prevent the pens from drying out. This is a great way to
climbers have found a cave in the west of virginia . explorers have explored the caves and
climbers find a cave in a mountain in kentucky . climbers explore the caves and
climbers exploring a cave in the desert in the mountains . . climbers find a sandstone
explorers climb a mountain to find a cave in the sea . The cave is one of the largest cave
climbers find a cave in the hills of a mountain . The caves are rocky and can be explored
keep a mixture of extinguishers in a hospital as part of an experiment to keep the fire out 
chemistry student keeps a fire extinguisher in the lab to deal with a mixture of chemicals during an
a mixture of chemicals is the most common way to extinguish a fire in a small business .
students keep a fire extinguisher in a classroom as they deal with a mixture of chemicals. They
keep a mixture of extinguishers in a building for the public to deal with a fire .
gay man insults fruit in a bar and calls him gay. This is a mean thing to say to a
woman is insulted and called a mean name for fruit at a market . ..a woman is
a woman is insulted and called fruit in a grocery store . she said she meant it. .
woman insults fruit in a refrigerator as she calls it a mean thing. ..a refrigerator is a
woman insults fruit in a container and calls it a mean thing. ..a woman calls fruit a
toothpicks in a box on a shelf. This is a simple example of how to use a tooth
toothpicks in a grocery store on a shelf. ..a woman with a toothpick in her
toothpicks in the eyes of a young girl .. . a toothpick in the mouth of 
child chewing on a toothpick with a teddy bear. The child is chewing his teeth.
toothpicks in the mouth of a man. This is a picture of an old man with a smile.
critter designed to spread disease at a place of worship . mosquitoes are a recurring problem in
a critter built in a place designed to attract mosquitoes . critters and other crit
critter designed to keep mosquitoes away from a place to build a fly . fly away from the
critter designed for a place to hide from the mosquitoes in a new condo built . .
campers build a place to hide from the bugs and mosquitoes . critters in the design of 
worker swats a swarm of bees in an attic. Bees are s
swat a bee in the attic to work on a hive . bees
bee swats a bee in an attic in the countryside . . bees
bees swat at a soft drink in an attic. Bees are working on a 
bees swat the flowers in a field. Bees work in the attic of a house
hikers need a cast on their stomachs to wear iron on the hike. They need it to protect their stomach
hikers need to wear clothes that can withstand the physical exertion . hiking is a physical activity that
hikers need to wear hiking splints to protect their shins during a hike .
hikers need to know what they need to wear for an adventure . hiking is an adventure and what you need to
hikers need to wear the right gear to avoid fatigue . . hiking is a great way to combat fatigue
sports equipment in a mall with a lot of different types of stores. There are lots of sports equipment and equipment for
sports equipment in a store with lots of different types of supplies and equipment for office and sport. There is a lot
a lot of sports equipment and sports equipment for sale in a school store . sports equipment is a type of
a lot of sports equipment and sports equipment for sale in a sports store . sports equipment is a type of
a lot of sports equipment and sports equipment for events and sporting events . sports equipment is a type of equipment that
promoting a wristwatch in a case to celebrate business . . buy a watch to promote your business 
a woman buys a wristwatch to promote a new business in a jewelry store to celebrate the new year 
a woman buys a wristwatch to promote business and celebrate the occasion . a woman celebrates business by buying
woman buys a box of jewelery to promote business and celebrate business. She is promoting business by buying a
promoting business by buying a wristwatch . hock watches to celebrate the new year . buy a new wrist
child is going to play with a ball slowly. The child is playing with the ball. The children are going to be
children are going to play and rush to get ready for school. They are rushing to play.. ..a
children are going to play and being entertained. A child is being entertained while another child is playing. The child is going to
children have fun having fun while playing in the park . children are going to have fun while having fun . .
children are going to have a great time playing and having fun. This is what they do when they are bored. They
people are buying a product and returning the money to the government in return for design. This is a good way to
people are buying and selling products in a bankruptcy . design and buying products with their money . they are buying products
people are buying products for the pleasure of making money. Designers are designing products to make money. Buying products is 
people are buying and selling products and paying off debts. They are buying products and designing their homes. .. buying
people are spending a lot of money on design and buying products. They are spending their money on the products they are buying
buy a replacement handle for the ax in the bathroom . a bathroom with a toilet and a
ax with a handle bought at hardware store to replace the handle . . buy a replacement a
ax to replace the handle of a fountain bought from a hardware store . buy a replacement handle for
ax to buy a replacement handle for an axe in a grocery store . . buy an 
buy a replacement handle for the ax on the handle of a fridge . . buy an a
clowns make mistakes while acting as a clown . a person makes mistakes in the act of clowning .
clowns act ridiculously in front of a group of people. The clowns are acting ridiculously. The person is
clowns have no act to perform at home . a clown is a person who has never had a home
clown acts unhinged while a person is mentally ill. The clown is acting like a clown. The person
clown acts like a person with schizophrenia . . clown acts as if he is a clown .
group of people are deep in the south of the deep state of louisiana . the deepest part of the state
group of 98 crayfish in the world's largest aquarium in the state of louisiana . 
state of louisiana is a group of states in the united states . united states is the largest state in the
group of states in the gulf . state of louisiana is the largest state in the state . 
group of bibles in the state of louisiana is a bible belt . the bible is the bible of the
eat from a plate in a cupboard in the kitchen. . a kitchen with a sink, 
man eats a plate of food on the floor. He is seated next to a woman eating it.
people eat from a plate at a table. They are eating from the same plate. .. a
baby eats from a plate in a dishwasher. The baby is eating from it. The plate is in the
young woman eating a plate of food from a flea market. ..a man eats a
i need to clean the dirt off the ground . . I need to get rid of the dirt from the ground
man is cleaning the dirt off the subway. He needs to clean it up. The subway is dirty and needs to be cleaned
man needs to clean the dirt off the bank of the river . . the bank is dirty and needs to be cleaned
i need to clean the dirt off the bed . . I need to get rid of the dirt in my bed
man needs to clean the dirt off the street . ..a man is cleaning the dirt from a street.
rat hides in the sewers of a house . ..rats hiding in a sewer.
rat hiding in a house in the laboratory . Several rats are hiding in the house .. .
rat hides in a basement of a house. Rats are hiding in the basement of the house..
rat hiding in a house at a clinic. Rats are hiding in the walls of a building. Rat
rat hiding in a cellar of a house. Rats are hiding in the living room of the house..
people ask questions to make sure they understand what they are doing. . people are asking questions to help them understand .
young people understand the joy of experiencing a new experience . ..people understand the meaning of the word .
people believe in a god and understand his existence . . people believe that god is the only true god .
young people are talking to each other to understand each other. They are trying to get to know each other better. People are
people understand why people get sick and why they get sick . People get sick but don't understand why they are sick
kites flying in the sky at the end of a long line. You can see the sky and see the end
kites flying in the sky at a hobby shop . see the sky . a kite flying in
young man is flying a kite in the sky with his hands up. He sees the kite flying in the
young boy sees a kite flying in the sky at a toy store. He sees the kite
young child's hand flying a kite in the sky . a child sees the sky with a
helium filled rubber toy for a child who loved it . child loved this toy . heli
child learns how to fill a rubber toy with helium and learn how to make a balloon with 
child eats a cake filled with rubber and helium. The cake is filled with toys and rubber. The
balloons filled with helium and rubber toys for a child. The balloons are filled with rubber and heli
helium filled rubber toy for a child to become an adult . The child becomes an adult after filling
gambling on a bit of beer in a bottle . ..a bottle of beer with a little bit
gambling on a bit of beer in a grocery store . ..a store with a lot of groceries
beer and a bit of gambling in a casino. ..a little bit of beer at the casino..
beer and a bit of gambling on a spaceship in space . . spaceship with a beer on
gambling on a bit of hockey during a hockey game . ..a game of hockey and beer .
woman turns off the television while using a remote control. This is what happens when you use the remote to turn off the
function of a television that can be used for a variety of functions . . This is what happens when you
people are using the television to turn off the lights. This is what happens when you turn the television off . .
people are using televisions to watch entertainment. This is what happens when you turn on the television. There is entertainment that happens
woman falls asleep while using a television . This is what happens when you use a computer and fall asleep while watching
woman leaves a dressing room after a discussion about business and hairdressing. She leaves the room with a brush
woman leaves the dressing room after a business meeting at the theater. She is dressed and ready to leave for business. She
woman leaves a dressing room after a discussion about business and leaving the house. She is dressed and ready to leave the
woman leaves a dressing room for a business discussion. She is leaving a room for dressing and leaving the dwelling.
woman leaves a dressing room for a business discussion in the bathhouse. . a woman is leaving a
ivy and flowers are placed in a pot. Ivy is a plant that grows on a
ivy is placed on a shelf next to a pot of plants. The shelf is filled with plants.
ivy plant placed on a window sill . Placed on the windowsill . place a
ivy is a plant that can be placed on the outside . place it in a garden .
ivy plants placed on a sill in a garden . Placed on the sill .
phoenix stadium is a stadium for baseball and baseball . the stadium is one of the largest stadiums in
baseball is played at the stadium in chicago . the stadium is a baseball stadium in the city . 
baseball stadium in antarctica is the largest stadium in the world . baseball is played at the stadium . 
baseball stadium in san francisco is one of the largest stadiums for baseball in the world . the stadium
baseball stadium is one of the largest stadiums in the urban areas . the stadium is the largest baseball stadium in the world
type of residence on the ground floor of a brownstone building . residence on ground floor . brownstone type of
type of residence on the ground floor of a hotel . The hotel is located on ground floor . the hotel is
type of residence on the ground floor of a condominium . condominium on ground floor . residences and condominiums on
type of residence is on the ground floor of a building . residences are on the first floor of the building 
type of residence on the ground floor of a building . type of office and residence on ground floor . ground floor
gilded wood has a rich texture . the texture of the wood is reminiscent of a 
porous texture of the wood . . wood has a porous textured . texture . porous
solid wood with a textured finish . . wood is a great way to add texture to your home 
painted wood with a textured texture . . painted wood in a rustic style . the texture of the
wood has a more dense texture than water and less water in it . . wood has less water . and
lose weight and loosen up the skin . losing weight is a natural process that happens when you lose weight .
a woman loses weight and looks beautiful while losing weight . this is what happens when she loses her weight 
loses weight and misses out on the universe . losing weight is the only way to lose weight . 
a woman loses weight and dies of heart disease . losing weight is the most common way to lose weight 
lose weight and become healthier . losing weight is a natural way to lose weight . a healthy way of losing
people living in a small town near the capital of the country are moving to a new home . a city
people are living in a jail in the capital of country . they are moving out of the country to live .
move to live in the capital of a country . . the case is a move to lower the value of
armed forces move into a city containing the capital of a country . governmental activities are contained in the
move the capital to lowercase and live in a country . . country is a place where people live and
make a call based on their knowledge of the color and schedule . . make the right call . knowledge
make a call to schedule a class and make sure you have enough knowledge to make the right choice . .
make a call to schedule a meeting and pick up knowledge before the meeting . . make sure you have the
made a decision to call the university and make a pick based on their knowledge of the schedule . .
encyclopedia makes it easy to pick up the knowledge you need to make a schedule . . to make
wonder how to get in shape by eating more vegetables and getting in shape . i wonder how many people are getting in
wonder how to get in shape if you are starving . i wonder if i am getting in shape
gave me the wonder of getting into shape . i was amazed by the shape i got into . the shape
wonder the shape of getting in shape after a period of recovery . i wonder if i will ever get
wonder how to get in shape by jogging and getting in shape . Wondering if you can get in
driver continues to drive a car in order to prevent accidents . automobiles and pedestrians from occurring . .
driver continues to drive a car to prevent backache . . Continue to drive the car to avoid backache while
driver continues to drive a car to prevent pollution . The car is parked next to a parked car.
driver continues to drive a car while he smokes. The smoke is preventing him from continuing to drive his car
man driving a car with fuel tank low preventing him from continuing to drive the car. This is a warning to
container in a large container at a supermarket. The container is filled with food and other items. This is a
container is a large container that is used to store goods in a factory. Containers are stacked on top of
large container of juice in a store. The container is a large container. The store has large containers of juice.
large containers are stored in a container at a hostel. They are stacked on top of each other. Containers
large container is stored in a cabinet next to a large container. The container is large enough to fit into a
stop being married to stop experiencing the isolation that comes with being married . i stopped being married because i wanted to
stopped being married to stop the grief . .. a woman is experiencing grief after being married for the first time
stopped being married to stop experiencing happiness and happiness . . stop being married and experiencing the happiness of being married .
stopped being married to stop experiencing the relief of not having to stop being married . i stopped feeling like i was
stop being married to stop being angry . a woman is angry about being stopped from being married . the woman is
a small group of people feel like they are part of a larger crowd . a crowd of people gathered
feel alone in a crowd of people .. . i feel like i am alone in the crowd 
solitary man feels like he is alone in a crowd . i can't believe how many people
feels the solitude of the crowds .. . i can feel the solitude in the crowd . the crowd
feel a bit of panic as the crowd gathers around them. ..a woman feels a little bit of
maids stop a bus to collect trash. The trash cans are filled with trash.
maid removing trash from the corner of a trash can. . a maid is cleaning up the trash
maids removing trash from a trash can during a game of hockey . ..a maid
maids removing trash from a trash can at a motel. The trash cans are filled with trash
maid putting trash in a trash can in an alley. The trash cans are filled with trash. The
dog is curled up and napping on a tucker while being walked. The dog is napping
dog curled up in a tucker while being petted. The dog is napping on the couch.
tucker and a dog curling up for a nap. The dog is showing affection and affection. The
dog is curled up on a tucker and going to nap outside.. . a dog is
tucker and a dog curling up to nap on a teddy bear. The dog is
tanners tanning under an umbrella in the waves ... waves of sand on the beach
tanners tanning under an umbrella in seattle.
suitcases and umbrellas tanning on the beach. A man is tanning under an umbrella in a tropical paradise.
tanners tanning under an umbrella on a beach. ..a woman is tanning on the
jackets and umbrellas in a closet for tanning. ..a man is tanning in the closet.
birds look smart and pretty in their feathers . . birds look pretty and smart in the garden . bird with
birds are looking for feathers to find a mate . birds are singing and looking for food . .
bird looking for feathers in a dark pond . a bird is looking for food in the dark .
bird with colorful feathers is found in a pond. Birds look very happy and happy. I found this bird
bird looking for a light to find feathers on a tree. Birds are looking for food in a dark
weasel bringing a warren of rabbits and their pelts to the tribesmen
weasel with a lot of pelt brought to the tribes for seafare in a
weasel pelting a chicken in a coop bringing seafare to the tribes
weasel bringing seafare to the tribesmen on a cruise. Weasels are
viking tribesman bringing a weasel's pelt to a ship for
area with a disgustingly high elevation and opposite area of the city . The area has a large number of
a reduction in the elevation of an area opposite a city . The area is reduced by a steep slope and
depression on the opposite side of the elevation . . depression in the opposite area of the area . elevation of the
demotion in the area of elevation opposite . . demotion of an area . the elevation of the area is
diminishing elevation on the opposite side of the area . . the elevation of a hill in the opposite area 
singers need to warm up before a concert . singers are warming up for a show . .
singers need to use microphones to record their voices . . singers use a microphone to record themselves 
singers need to clear their throats .. . a singer needs to clear his throat . singers
singers need to create their own music . a singer needs to create the music he needs . the music
a singer needs to sound beautiful . singers need to be able to make a beautiful sound . 
receive medication for irrational behaviours that cause mental illness .. . a woman receives medication
sufferers of mental illness receive medication and therapy to prevent recurring illness . a woman receives medication for a
woman receives medication to treat her mental illness effectively . a man receives therapy for a mental illness .
children receive medication for their mental illness and are managed by therapists . They receive medication to manage their illness .
sufferers of mental illness receive medication and therapy to treat the cause of their illness . . sufferers receive medication for
perform a type of action for the first time in a long time . a woman performs a dance
type of butterfly performing for the first time in a long time . performer feels butterflies at the same time as 
performs a type of music that makes you feel happy and happy at the same time . . type of happiness
perform a type of music that makes you feel calm and relaxed at the same time. i have a feeling of
performer has a type of feeling of anxiety after performing for the first time in years . . type of anxiety
a man finds himself committing a murder and finds himself in misery after committing the crime . a
a man is found dead after committing a murder and finding out who killed him . he was found guilty
a man finds himself in distress after committing a murder . a woman finds herself compelled to commit
man finds a tickel while committing a murder and commits suicide . a man commits murder
man is found guilty of committing murder and goes to jail after committing the crime . a man commits murder
computer is processing information and hooking up the result to the internet. This is the result of a process that results in
believe in the internet as a result of a computer hooked up to a god . i believe in god
computer makes a decision based on the results of the internet . the result is a computer hooked up to 
computer is processing information and hooking up the result to the internet. This is the result of a process that results in
computer receives data from the internet and hooks it up to a computer. This is the result of a search
is the most toxic substance to life on the planet . . mercury is one of the most harmful substances to life 
are the planets that are uninhabitable due to the presence of mercury . . the planet is the
sulphide and mercury are the main elements of life on this planet . ..a planet is a
is the most poisonous element in the universe and the most important element in life on the planet . . mercury is
jupiter is the largest planet in the solar system and is the planet with the longest life span . .
see a dream become a reality as a man builds a house . dreaming of building a home
see a dream become a reality after a long period of anxiety . dreaming of seeing the dream become reality
a dream of seeing a dream become a reality . a girl celebrates seeing her dream become reality by seeing
see a dream become reality by seeing an idea become reality . very nice to see the dream become a reality 
dreamed of seeing the ocean as a reality . dreaming of seeing a dream become reality by seeing the
meadow located opposite a city and a creek . Located on the outskirts of the city 
a city located on the opposite side of a creek . The city is located on a hill opposite a
a city located in a valley opposite a creek . the city is located in the valley . .
a city located in a forest opposite a creek . the city is located in the midst of a
a city located in the countryside opposite a creek . the city is located on the outskirts of the countryside
find anemones in a bed of flowers .. . i found this flower on a
find anemones in a pool at low tide .. . a woman finds an ane
man finds anemone in the keys of florida . a man finds a key in florid
corals and anemones are found in the sea . . corals found on a coral reef
anemones are found in an aquarium . . Anemonies can be found in a
suitcase with clothes and clothe to keep you clothed while traveling . Keeping clothes in a suitcase while traveling
young girl keeps her clothes in her bedroom while traveling. She keeps them in a suitcase to keep her clothes dry. She
clothes and clothe kept in a closet while traveling. . Keeping clothes in the closet is a great way
young girl keeps her clothes in a drawstring bag as she travels .. . Keeping clothes in the
dresser is a great place to keep your clothes while traveling . it keeps your clothes clean and keeps you clothe
i need a key for the bathroom at school . I need the key for this bathroom . ..
convenience store has everything you need in a bathroom . ..a bathroom with a toilet, sink, toilet
i need a rest area in this bathroom . . key to the rest area is the key to a
i need a key for the bathroom in the mall . I need the key for this bathroom . .
keys to a bathroom in a movie theater . i need a key to get into the bathroom .
pessimists warn that the sun is about to rise . the sun lays low and warns that
pessimists warn that the sun is going to rise before the sun goes down . . the sun
pessimists warn that the sun will rise before the fall . the sun rises . .
pessimists warn that the sun is rising below them . . the sun rises above a
pessimists warn that the sun will rise at sundown . the sun is rising . .
chest of drawers with hardcover and a shelf that can be removed for storage in a living room . 
hardcover shelves removed from a grocery store in a living room . . grocery store is a store with
hardcover shelf holds a bottle of alcohol that has been removed from the room. This room has a shelf that holds
hardcover shelf removed from a nightstand in a living room . removing the nightstand from the room 
hardcover bookcase is removed from a shelf in a living room. This is a room with a large
people are expected to watch a comedy film in a park. They are expecting to see a film about a
woman is watching a comedy film and expects to get insight into what she is expecting from the film . .
children are expected to be entertained while watching a comedy film. . a man is expected to watch a film
man expects laughter while watching a comedy film. ..a man is expecting laughter as he watches a
woman is watching a comedy film and expects to be scared. She is expecting to be laughed out of the film.
headaches caused by eating lunch . i had a headache after eating lunch. . eating lunch causes headaches
man eats lunch and has bad breath, causing bad breath. Caused by bad breath at lunch. .
heartburn caused by eating lunch . i had a heartburn after eating lunch. . eating lunch caused by
people eat lunch to gain weight and gain weight . eating lunch causes weight gain . people gain weight after eating lunch
children eat farts during lunch . . eating lunch at a restaurant . cause a lot of
performer launches from a platform at the canaveral in the cape of florida . performer
performer steps onto a platform to launch nasa spacecraft . performer launches a rocket from
performer steps onto a platform to launch a battleship . . the battleship was launched by battleship
performer steps onto a platform during a launch in the ocean . . performer launches from the platform 
performer launches a trapeze from a platform. Performer steps off the platform and launches trapeze into the air
people use eating to reduce the amount of calories in their bodies . eating is a way of living that reduces the
people use eating to get their bodies full and stay healthy . eating is a way of getting your body full .
a woman eats a lot of food to become full and happy in her body . a man is
people use chewing to eat food to keep their bodies healthy . eating is a way of living . living
defecating a human body is a common way of living . people use eating as a way
pizza is a popular way to pay for a meal . . pizza is one of the most popular ways to
pizzas are being baked in the oven and paid for. . a pizza is being paid for by a customer
pizza is being paid for in a restaurant . .. a man is paying for a slice of pizza
pizza is being paid for in an oven. The pizza is in the oven. A man is paying for a pizza.
pizza on a plate is paid for by a man. He is paying for it. On the plate is a
people find a place to stay in mexico and use the internet to find the best places to stay . 
people are using a phone to find a place to stay and book a room at a hotel. They are
people find a place to stay in a town and use it as a tourist attraction . a city is
people find a place to stay in a city and use the internet to find places to stay .. .
find a place to stay using a dial to find the sun . . the sun can be used to find
laptop is trying to connect to a computer on a network and seeks connection. The computer seeks a connection
man tries to connect electrical circuits to a laptop and seeks a connection. He is trying to find 
man is trying to connect a laptop to a lineage and seeks a connection. The laptop is a
try to connect a laptop to a computer in a company. The company is seeking an internet connection. The laptop
laptop trying to connect to a wall . The laptop is trying to seek a connection to the internet ..
mother knows how to solve a problem with child care . a mother knows what to do when her child is sick
mother knows the problem with a balloon . The child knows it's a big balloon. The mother knows it
mother knows that her child is loved and is not a problem . she knows that she loves her child . 
mother knows that her child has become an adult . she knows that she has a problem when her child becomes an adult
mother and child learning how to solve a problem . a child learns how to know how to deal with 
young people open their eyes and see the world through new eyes .. see the film with new eyes for the first time
go to see new movies and films . . go to the cinema to see a new film . to see
see a man kick a ball in a new film . ..a man sees a woman
are making art and seeing a new film. They are making new art and making new films. . art and film
look forward to seeing what's coming out of the new film . .. a new look for the film
daydreaming and contemplating what might happen next . a woman contemplates what could happen if something happened
man contemplates what will happen next time he gets a headache . . headaches can happen at any
is a good time to contemplate what could happen if something happened to you . i want to get some
is a good time to contemplate what is going to happen next . . time to sleep and contemplate the
becomes distracted by what happens at the same time. . a woman is contemplating what happened to her mother .
checkers are stored in a store at the general store of pioneers . The store is a general store and
barrels are used to measure the storage capacity of a store or general store . the store was founded by pioneers
baking soda is stored in a store at the general store of the pioneers . the store is a general store
buffaloes are measured and stored in a store at the general store of pioneers . the store is a
salt is stored in a store at the general store of pioneers . the store is a measure of how much
young people play a game with less equipment and less care . people buy less equipment to play the game ..
people buying equipment to play golf. They are buying equipment for the game. ..a game of golf is a
people are shaking their hands as they buy equipment. They are playing a game. They buy equipment and shake their hands.
people believe in buying equipment to play a game. They believe in gods and playing the game. . gods
group of people are buying equipment and playing a game. People are buying and playing video games. . people are playing
politician announces his engagement in a newspaper . . the newspaper is the first newspaper to announce his engagement .
newspaper is a great way to communicate your engagement with your community .
newspaper educates the public on the importance of civic engagement . Educating the public about civic engagement in a city
newspaper informs the public about upcoming engagements . . the newspaper is a great way to inform the public
woman cancels an engagement in a newspaper . . the newspaper has a photo of a man in 
wires that need to be bent and straightened to endure abuse . wires bent and bent to withstand abuse 
wires that need to be bent and straightened to endure abuse . wires bent and bent to withstand abuse 
crooked wires need to be straightened up to endure abuse . wires that are twisted and 
wires need to be straight forth in order to endure abuse . . wires are straightforth .
wires need to be curved to endure abuse . Straight wires can endure a lot of abuse. curved
man pulls dirt from the ground with metal. The metal is rusty and the dirt is on the ground. The
man pulls metal from the ground to make musical instruments . . metal is pulled out of the ground with a
metal ore is being pulled from the ground . . metals and other metals are being pulled out of the
metal pulls a car off the ground. A man pulls the metal out of the car. A woman pulls
man pulls metal from the ground in a junkyard. The metal is rusting and corroded.
utility buckets in a closet at a property used as a utility store . This is a common utility
man uses a bucket outside a store on a private property. He uses it as a watering can.
buckets are used to collect water from a well on a property and store it in a store. .
buckets are used to store water in a shed on the property . . This is a small shed used
buckets are stored in a garage on a property that is used as a storage area. This is a
find a way to relax at night . i find it hard to find the right time to do so .
woman checks her mail at night and relaxes. She checks the mail with her husband. She is relaxing and checking her
listen to music and relax at night .. . a man relaxes and listens to music while relaxing
go to bed and relax for the night . .. i want to go back to bed for the first time
woman stops worrying and relaxes in the dark at night . she stops worrying . . and stops worrying.
stapler is located in an office in a building. Find a stapler in the building . Find stapler
stapler found in a store for office supplies . . staplers and other supplies for the office .
stapler is found in a drawer on a desk. . a stapler can be found in the drawer
find a stapler with dwight . . and a teddy bear. d
stapler is found on a desktop . . Find a stapler on the desk . find a
candidate builds a home with a courtyard in country . . the home has a private courtyard . candidate
man builds a home in a courtyard in country in spain . the home is a country home .
a country home built with a lawn and a courtyard . the home has a screened in porch and
asshole builds a home in the courtyard of a country home . ..assholes
building a new office complex in the country with a courtyard . the home is a country style home with 
a wreck of a house standing on the ruins and lovingly rebuilt . i love the way this house
love the wrecked house . i love the way it turned out . this house produced a lot of
love the idea of building a house from a wreck . i love the way this house is constructed .
loved the idea of making a wreck of a house and making it into a home . i made it
i love the wrecked house i built . i would love to build a house like this 
pretending to fight a police officer . . officers pretend to be fighting . police officers are fighting a
man pretending to be a police officer after a misunderstanding happened . a man pretends to be an
police officer pretending to be deceiving a man . The officer pretends to be a police officer
pretending to be a police officer happens to be on the scene of a shooting . police officer pretends to
pretending to be a police officer when something happens. But distrust is not the only thing that happens. Police officers
craftsman buys a writing instrument from nasa and writes on it with the writing instrument . 
children are writing on a writing instrument in a classroom. They are buying craft and writing instruments. . a
girl buys a writing instrument at a craft store and writes on it. She writes on the instrument with a
young girl buys a writing instrument and writes with it in a purse. She writes with a craft instrument.
girl buys a writing instrument at a craft store for her office . she writes with a pen and paper
a detective is having fun finding out what information he can find . a witness to a crime .
a detective finds information about a patient with ulcers . a witness finds information on the condition of the patient
detectives are searching for information to find out what happened to a witness . They are trying to find answers .
detective finds a piece of information that will bring happiness to the family . a witness to the crime . detective
a detective is searching for information and witnesses to find out what happened . a witness is found to have power to
spiders find a place to keep their eggs in a cupboard . . spiders are kept in this place
spiders are found in a toolbox at a place where people keep them . . spiders in 
find a place to keep spiders in a closet . . spiders are a common sight in the
spiders find a place in a garage to keep them . . spiders kept in the garage .
spiders find a place to keep their mail in a box. This is a common place for keeping spiders
bald eagles think they are in the everglades on a boat in a swamp .
bald eagle thinks it's high in a swamp . a fan of a boat
bald eagle in its natural habitat on a boat in a swamp . a fan thinks
bald eagle thinks he is a fan on a boat in a swamp in new york
bald eagle thinks he's a fan on a boat in a swamp in color
family looking for food to buy in a supermarket . ..a family is looking for a place to buy
find a supermarket in a city or a town. You can find them in any supermarket in any city or town
woman is looking for supplies in a supermarket. She is trying to find a way to get supplies for her baby.
find a supermarket on the strip of a mall . ..a shopping mall with a strip of shops
find a grocery store in vermont . a supermarket is a great place to find groceries . in the
lanterns in a grocery store for those who need them .. . a man uses a lantern to
lanterns in a shop are all you need to use them . antique lanterns are a great addition to any
lanterns need to be used to light up a house . i need to use these lanterns in my house
lanterns can be used for any place of need in the dark . They can be placed anywhere you need them .
people need to use lanterns to light up the street .. . a street is full of people who need
police officer directs traffic during a patrol in an area ... a police officer is patrolling a
police officer patrols an area of a city. A city is surrounded by armed forces. A police officer is
police officer patrols an area and beats a man. A police officer is beaten by a woman. A
police officer patrols a street in the area . police officer is patrolling the streets . officers are patrolling
police officer patrols an area near a park. Police officers are patrolling the area. ..a police officer
strangers are raped and killed by strangers in an alley. They meet and kill each other. 
strangers meet to get rid of a stranger in an alley. Getting rid of them is the only way to
strangers know the passcode but didn't know it until they met them in the alley . They didn'
strangers get revenge after killing a stranger in an alley. They meet and get killed in the alleys.
strangers meet in an alley and are killed by evil. They are a group of strangers who are trying to
baby needs to eat breakfast before he can be born . a baby buys food for breakfast and eat
baby needs to open his mouth to eat breakfast . . baby eats breakfast with his mouth open .
baby eats breakfast out of bed while mom and dad get ready to go to work. Baby needs to get ready for
crying baby eats breakfast in the morning . baby needs to eat breakfast . a baby needs a
baby eats breakfast as he wakes up and needs to be woken up . baby needs to 
people in a building on a sunny day. The buildings are filled with buildings and people.. ..a
a group of people gathered for an audience at a conference . . people were greeted by 
group of people living in a small apartment. The apartment is full of people. There are many people in the apartment.
group of people in a classroom. People are seated on a stool. Some people are talking to each other.
a group of people are falling down from a cliff. Some people are downed. Some of them are
decides to die in the cold ocean .. . a man decides he wants to die .
deciding if i will die in the cold . i decided to write a poem about it .
decide that i never want to die in the cold . i want to live in a city and never want
decided to die in the cold .. . a shot of a man deciding to die after being shot
seeks help to decide whether to die in the cold or not . a man decides not to die .
briefcase with a pen and a pencil in it. The pen is in the pocket of the briefcase. The
pen in a drawer on a desk. This desk has a pen in it. There are two drawers and
pen in a pen at a friend's house. This is a small pen in the pen of a
pen in a pocket . . pen in the pocket of a man . pocket with a pen 
pens on a sidewalk in the city . . pen on the sidewalk .. a pen on 
small dog panting outside on a sunny day. This small dog is a small dog. This dog is small and
small dog panting in europe. . a small dog in a kennel with other small dogs
small dog panting to get some heat .. a small dog in a kennel with a
dog panting in a small pool of water. The dog is wet and wet. Dogs are small and
small dog panting in a kennel . a small dog is shown panting at a dog
i don't know why i asked why . i want to know if you know why you should
want to know why someone asks why he is not sure why . i don't know the reason why
want to know why and how to ask a question . i don't know how to answer this question 
i don't know why i asked a question . i didn't want to know because 
want to know the answer to the question why you should not ask a question . i would like to know why
microwave with a display of a picture on the surface . ..a microwave with pictures on it .
display a picture on the surface of a desktop . . desktop with a large display of pictures .
shelf with a display of pictures on a white surface. The picture is displayed on the shelf. The pictures are displayed
display of art on a white surface showing a picture of a man with a teddy bear.
display of pictures on the surface of a wall. The wall is covered with a white surface. The pictures are displayed
young girl needs to learn how to ride a bike on the wheels . riding a bicycle is a skill that
young man needs to learn how to ride a bike with his feet . he needs to have the skills to ride
young woman riding a bike needs a lot of skill to pedal it. This is a skill that you need to
need to practice riding a bike and need to learn the skills to do so . riding bike is a skill that
need to ride a bike with good balance and skill . balance is one of the most important skills when riding a
man looking at a slow pump pumping oil in a field. He looks at the pump and looks at it.
pumping oil in a field looking down a street. People look at each other as they slow down. They look
man looking at a slow pump pumping oil from a field next to a restaurant. He is looking at the
pumping oil in a field looks slow. A man looks at the ground as he pumps oil out of a
pumping oil in a field looks slow. The oil is coming out of a pump at a service station.
vendor delivers goods to a department . The department is delivering goods to the vendor .. . a
department taking goods away from a vendor and delivering them to a department. The vendor is delivering goods to department
vendor delivers goods to a department. The department is receiving goods from a vendor. The vendor is delivering goods to
vendor picks up goods from a department and delivers them to a customer. The vendor delivers goods to department .
vendor keeps delivering goods to department . vendor keeps the goods in the warehouse . department of goods . .
tickets are placed at the top of the ticket office . The ticket office is located on top of a building .
ticket office in a movie theater is a place where people can buy tickets for movies . . movie theaters
ticket office is a place where people can buy tickets for trains at the station . a train is parked at
ticket office at the end of a long line at the ticket office . Ticket office at end of the ticket line
ticket office at the opera house and ticket office . opera place is a ticket office for opera house . ticket office
stretch after an exercise to recover from injury . During the recovery phase of exercise, a woman is able to
exercise is a great way to lower your cholesterol and improve your recovery . lowering your cholesterol is an important part of
a woman weighs herself after an exercise to help her recover from an injury . she is weighing herself after 
people are exercising and recovering on a track. The track is a great place to exercise and recover from injuries .
expends energy during the exercise to recover from injury . . This is a great way to recover energy after
had to go somewhere and forget what happened on the way home . i forgot what happened . when i arrived
went to a place and forgot what happened . i was there and forgot about it when i arrived home 
turned out to be a great place to go and forget about everything else that happened around the home . i forgot
went somewhere else and forgot what happened at home . i was going to go back and forget what happened there .
had a fart that i forgot happened at home and went somewhere else . i was going to forget about
band members use a wind instrument to acquire a new instrument for practice and acquisition . a young man is practicing
musicians use the wind to acquire instruments for a concert. They are acquiring wind instruments for the first time . 
musicians use a wind instrument to acquire a new instrument and store it for future use . musicians use the wind to
symphony instrument is a wind instrument that can be used to acquire and use the wind . 
a man acquiring a wind instrument and using it to make music in a living room. He uses it to
people observe a fire in a supermarket as they observe the reaction of people to the smell of alcohol. They observe the
people observe a reaction to alcohol in a bar . Observe the reaction of people in the bar after the
observing the reaction of alcohol to the fire in a pub . Observing the reactions of people in the pub
observing a fire at a restaurant after observing the reaction to alcohol .. . Observing the
chemistry lab observes the reaction of alcohol in a fire . Observing the reaction in the lab .
storey with a horizontal view of a room containing different kinds of furniture . this room contains a variety
storey containing different kinds of books . . view of a book storey with a view of the
view of a mall containing different kinds of shops and storeys . This mall contains many different types of shops
tall storeys of a building containing different kinds of buildings . a view of the city . view
storey of books containing different kinds of stories . a view of a library containing books of all kinds
lettuce arrives on a truck in a kitchen. The kitchen is crowded with food trucks. The truck is parked
lettuce arrives in a truck at a supermarket. ..a truck is parked at the entrance of a
farmer's truck with fresh lettuce arriving at the market. A farmer is delivering fresh lettuce to a local farmer.
salad arrives in a truck with lettuce and tomatoes. The salad is a salad with tomatoes and cucumbers. The truck
lettuce arrives in a refrigerator on a truck. The truck is parked next to the refrigerator. The lettuce is in
woman receives a payment to rejuvenate her body before dying . security guards receive a check from a
woman receives a payment and dies again after being born . a child receives security from the government 
woman receives a payment but dies without receiving it . security exists and no longer receives payment . 
unable to work and receive payment for security . a woman receives a payment from the government to help her
woman receives a payment for changing the color of her dying body . security guards change the colors of a
man is jumping on a rope and is fatigued. He is tired of jumping on the rope. People are tired of
children are sweating and jumping on a rope. They are jumping on the ropes. People are jumping and sweating
boy is tired of jumping rope and getting tired of it. He is jumping rope to get rid of his tiredness. He
woman is tired and jumping on a rope. She is tired of jumping on the rope. People are tired and tired of
boy hopping on rope and jumping on a rope. He is jumping and hopping. A man is jumping rope.
geese fall in a field guarding a house of ducks. Gooses are on their way to
geese flying in a field after a fall of snow . a flock of migratory
geese eat from a fallen goose in a field. Geeses are eating grass in the field
geese follow an ultralight airplane in a field. Geeses follow an airplane as it falls. Ge
a group of geese fall together in a field . a large group of migratory
passengers enjoy a seat behind a curtain on an airplane. They enjoy the view from the window. They draw a
woman enjoys a movie while drawing a curtain to enjoy the movie. She draws the curtain and enjoys the movie
people enjoy a seat behind a curtain in the auditorium . ..auditorium is a
enjoy a seat behind a curtain in a theatre . . enjoy the view as the curtain draws in 
a curtain shows how to draw a seat and enjoy the view . a man enjoys the show while enjoying
explains why everyone is fighting. Everyone is arguing.. everyone is trying to explain why they are fighting. .
king pays tribute to everyone who helped him fight the war . king paid tribute to all those who fought for
hope everyone is fighting for peace . . peace is what everyone hopes for and hopes for . everyone fights for
a group of people are wearing combat shoes to fight. Everyone is wearing them. .. everyone is wearing the same
did everyone do well in the fight . . everyone did well .. everyone fought well. everyone does well
post office is located in a building next to a post office. This is the location of the post office .
post office is located in the business district of the city . the location of the post office . a post office
post office is located on the ground above the post office. This is the location of a post office . .
post office is located in the most populous town in the country . the most popular location for post offices is in the
post office is located in the center of a town . the town is the largest post office in the country .
squirrels live on a roof in a city. ..a squirrel lives on the roof of a building
squirrels living inside a home in a city. .. squirrels live inside the home . inside the
squirrels living in a city in the forest . . squirrels live in the city . the city is
squirrels live in a yard of a city . . squirrels in the yard of the city. 
squirrels live in a park in the city .. . squirrels living in the park . a
teddy bear watching a snake whose body is wet and floating in the grass. The snake is watching
man watches a snake float over his body in western texas . a man watches as a
teddy bear watching a snake with its body floating in the grass. Watching the snake float in the
snakes float on a body of water in the river of the amazon . a man watches as a
tiger watching a snake float on a tree with its body in the air. Snakes are watching.
cooks eat dinner at the end of a long day . .. begins to end the day with 
did the chores and ate breakfast for the day . i did some chores but did not eat anything
eat food at the end of the day . . make food for the next day and begin the next .
stretch after eating out at the beginning of the day . . the day is beginning to end with a stretch of
get ready to eat food at the end of the day . . food begins at the beginning and ends at the
clinging to the roots of a tree in a yard . ..a tree with a
clinging to the roots of a tree in an orchard. The roots of the trees are c
clinging to the roots of a tree in a museum . ..a tree with a
clinging to the roots of a tree in the countryside . ..a tree with roots .
clinging to the surface of the earth by the roots of a tree . The roots of the tree 
a lot of dust in a closet . ..a closet full of clothes with lots of dust..
a lot of dust on the door . ..a door with lots of dirt and dust on it..
a lot of dust on the corner of a building . .. a dusty corner with a
a lot of dust on a shelf . ..a shelf with a bunch of books on it.
a lot of dust in a library . ..a library with lots of books in it. There is
friends are making new friends at the grocery store . a friend is smiling as he finds something to make them smile
friends find a way to make a smile in a grocery store . . making friends at the grocery store
making friends with a friend by opening a store in the mind . . making friends at a grocery store
make friends by finding common interests in a store . making friends is a great way to make new friends .
making friends with a friend in a grocery store and laughing . . making friends at the grocery store .
neuroepithelium explains the taste buds . a tastebud is one of the most important sensory organs
neuroepithelium is a clue that explains how the retina works . a student explains the function
student explains the inner workings of the neuroepithelium in the inner ear . a clue to
student explains the anatomy of the nasal cavity with clues . neuroepithelium . a clue to
neuroepithelium is a key clue for autistic students . ..a clue that explains
people are involved in a confession and talk about it. . people are talking about how they are going to make it
a group of people are talking about the state of the park . people are involved in a discussion about the park
young people are involved in singing and talking to each other. They are talking and singing in a group. People are involved
people are involved in a carnival and talk about it. People are talking and getting involved in the carnival. They are talking
people are involved in a talk about opera. They are talking to each other. Some people are talking about the opera.
child answers a question with an adult during a discussion . a child and an adult are discussing the answers to
adult explaning to a child how to answer a question . . an adult answering questions about a
adult teaching a child how to answer questions in a classroom . child is asked to answer a series of questions
child is confused by the answer to a question from an adult. Adults are answering questions from a confused child.
adult correcting a child as he answers a question . ..a child is asked to answer 
eat cheese after eating dinner . followed by a digestive . . following a meal of pasta and cheese
eat cheese and feel better after eating dinner . i felt good after eating cheese . followed by a meal
eat cheese and then sleepiness follows eating dinner . a man eats cheese and sleeps during dinner 
indigestion after eating dinner followed by eating cheese . . followed by a meal of meat and vegetables .
eat cheese after eating dinner following an illness. . a man eats a piece of cheese at dinner
piano teacher explains how to play music on an upright piano in a living room. The teacher is playing music on the
piano teacher explains how to play the upright piano in the bathroom. The teacher is playing the piano upright. The piano is
piano teacher explains how to play the upright piano in a house. The teacher is playing the piano and explaining how to
piano teacher explains how to play the upright piano in a living room. The teacher is playing the piano and explains
piano teacher explains how to play music on an upright piano in a music store. A teacher plays music on a
fail to pass a test . fails to pass an exam . failed to pass the test
fumbled completing a teddy bear . failed to complete a task .
fail to pass a test . fails to pass an exam . failed to pass the test
fumbled a pass during a practice session . . failed to pass a tee
fails to succeed in a fail to succeed test . . succeeding after failing the test
purpose of having a bath is to clean your skin and make your skin feel fresh and clean . Having a
woman is having a bath for the purpose of removing the wetness. The purpose is to get rid of the
woman is having a bath for exfoliation purpose. This is the purpose of this bath . . exfoli
a woman uses a bath for the purpose of having a shower . a man uses the water to bath
purpose of having a bath is to have a good hygiene. Having a shower is a great way to
striker hits a ball at the boundary during sporting event . ..a man strikes a soccer ball during
strike a soccer ball at the boundary during a sporting event . . sportsman hits the ball with a
basketball player hits the ball on the boundary of the court . . basketball player strikes the ball during a practice session
striker hits a ball against the boundary of society . . society is a society that is governed by
baseball player hits a ball on the boundary of a ranch in country . ..a man strikes a
man is accused of operating a vehicle while being intoxicated. He is subsequently punished for his actions. Police are
man is accused of being inebriated while operating a vehicle. He is then arrested and charged with operating the vehicle
inebriated motorists are accused of operating an automobile while intoxicated. According to police, a man is
inebriated driver is accused of operating a vehicle while intoxicated. Police are trying to determine if the
man is accused of talking nonsense while operating a vehicle. He is inebriated and is intoxicated.
jewelry in a vault . The vault is filled with gold and silver jewelry .. . a woman is
suitcase with jewelry on it. There is no jewelry in it. This suitcase is filled with jewelry. It is a small
neighbour's house is filled with jewelry . . the house is a collection of antiques and collectibles
department of jewelry in a department of a jewelry store. . a store with a large display of jewelry
safe depositing jewelry in a box. This safe is a safe for depositing gold and silver jewelry. .
philosophers waiting for a job to study and gain knowledge . philosophers wait for the job to be gained .
philosophers are waiting for their boredom to be gained . a philosopher is waiting for his study to gain .
philosophers waiting for their studies to gain anxiety . . philosophers wait for their study to gain more knowledge .
philosophers wait impatiently for their studies to gain their gain . impatience is a sign of impati
philosophers are waiting for wisdom to gain from their studies . . philosophers wait for the wisdom to be gained from
skiers on the ice in winter . ..a woman skis on a snowy mountain in winter
young men playing hockey on the ice in winter . ..a young man plays hockey on a rink
ice and snow in the summer and winter .. . ice on the ice in the mountains in winter
knitted on the ice in winter . . knitted in the snow and ice . in the winter
ice warms the snow in winter . ice is a great way to warm up a cold winter 
love spending money in thrift stores . i love the idea of spending money on clothes and clothes . but poverty is
love spending money thrifting and spending money on clutter . i love spending my money at thrift stores and thrift stores 
love spending money at thrift stores and thrift stores . i love the idea of thrifting and thrifting money .
i love spending money thrifting and getting satisfaction from spending money . i spend money with my friends and family 
i love spending money thrifting and spending money on happiness . i spend more money and love it more .
listened to a lecture to gain confidence . gaining confidence is the ultimate goal of the lecture . gain confidence
young man listening to a lecture and concentrating on the goal. The goal is to concentrate on the lecture ..
students are listening to a lecture to get their attention. The goal is to get your attention. This is the goal of
listen to a lecture and pay attention to the goal. The goal is to listen to the lecture. Then pay attention
student stops talking and listens to a lecture. The goal is to stop the lecture. He is listening to the lecture
grandma uses a computer to create a program for her granddaughter . Using the computer to talk to her
grandmother and granddaughter using a computer to talk about stress. She is talking to her granddaughter on the computer. They are talking
grandma is talking to her granddaughter on the computer about her happiness. She is using the computer to talk to her.
grandchildren using a computer and talking to each other in the ocean. They are using the computer to talk to one another.
grandmother and her granddaughter are talking on a computer and getting headaches. They are using the computer to talk to each other
person meets a number of people at the entrance of the hall . a person is seated at a desk
people meet at the entrance of the hall with a number and a box. The entrance to the hall has a
number of people meet at the entrance of a convention center . entrance to the hall where conventions are held .
people meet at the entrance of a building with a number of entrances and file in a hall. They are
large number of people meet at the entrance of a building with a large entrance hall. The entrance to the building is
husband and his wife remain scattered on a lake in the mountains . . mountains remain untouched by the lake 
body of a man and his wife remains scattered on a lake . the body of his dead wife remains .
husband and wife scatter their debts on a lake to pay off the rest of the debts that remain . 
and his wife scatter the remains of a lake in a state park . the state remains largely unchanged .
husband and his wife remain scattered on a lake in new york . his wife remains buried in the lake .
trash cans and trash on the sidewalk of a city. A city is a small town and a hospital.
trash cans are parked on the sidewalk of a city. The city is a small town. The trash can
cans of trash on the corner of a sidewalk in a small town in the city .. trash cans
trash cans on the sidewalk of a motel in a small town in the city ... trash can
trash cans and trash on the sidewalk of a city in a small town. The city has offices and a
orphans adopted by a family because of environmental reasons . enviromentally friendly environment is a
biological child adopted by a family for reasons of enviroment . a child is a biological child
a family is adopting a dog for reasons of enviroment . this is one of the reasons
foster family adopting a child for reasons of enviroment . reason for adoption is a reason for
a family abandoned for reasons of enviroment . a young girl adopts a dog for reasons
engine of an airplane is cut off and stalling. An airplane is cutting into a runway as it flies
engine of an airplane is cutting through the ice and starting to melt. This is what happens when the fuselage is cut
airplanes are cutting a taxi while the engines are running. The engines are on the runway. The engine is on the
engine of an airplane has been cut off and a crash has happened. An airplane is crashing into a building.
airplanes are cutting up the speed of their engines. This is what happens when the engines are cut up. This happens when
find a cavity in a solid object . . object is a hollow object with a hole in it
molars have been found in a cavity . . the cavity was found in the mouth of a
dentist is trying to find a cavity in a tooth . . the dentist is finding a small cavity in
dentist finds a cavity in a tooth that has been unbrushed . ..a tooth with a large
dentist finds a cavity in the teeth of a young girl . . dentist finds the cavity in his teeth 
human beings are being asked questions by authority during an event . . authority learns that humans are not human being
human beings are learning how to print a print at an event . melting ice and learning about events .
human beings reading newspapers at an event. Human beings are learning how to read and write. Newspapers are being printed
human beings are learning how to act and how to learn from each other during an event . . Human beings
human beings learning to print a dictionary at an event . . Human beings are learning how to learn how
different kinds of anemones live in a nursery environment . the nursery is a kind of nursery where
anemones live in a tropical environment in the south pacific . they are a kind of
kind of anemones live in a desert environment . ..a kind of lizard that
anemones live in the sea in a kind of environment . the sea is a great place to
anemones live in a tropical environment in the atlantic ocean . they are the only kind of an
a yurt is all you need for a lodge or a place of lodgings . a
a lodge is all you need to know about lodgings at a resort in the area . . lodges
a city needs a lot of big lodgings . a big lodge is all you need to get a
needs lodgings at the lodge in michigan . michigan is a great place to stay . i need
are going to need some lodgings for their vacations . . the lodge is a great place to stay for
suffer from the boredom of seeing art . . art is a form of entertainment for those who suffer from bore
see a ghost and suffer boredom. The ghost suffers from boredom .. . a man suffer
young man suffers from boredom while watching a film. He is bored. He has no idea why he is
a woman suffers from boredom while shopping at the grocery store . ..a woman is suffering from 
suffer from the boredom of doing crosswords and doing puzzles .. . a man suffers from
motion of a projectile hitting a target with a ball. The ball is hit by a moving projectile
a projectile hits a target in the ocean . a ball is hit by a rocket projectile 
flintlocks hit a projectile on the target of a soccer goal . projectiles
projectiles hit the target of a goal in an arcade. The goal is a projectile that hits a
tennis player hits a projectile on a target on the court . The ball is aimed at a goal
a cup of coffee set up in a coffee shop with a place to place it. a small cup of
place a cup of coffee on a table in a kitchen. Set up a coffee cup and place it on
man with a cup of coffee in his hand and a place to set it down. Set the coffee in a
cup of coffee is set on a table next to a cup of tea. Placed on the table is a
cup of coffee set up in a coffee cup in the office. Set up a place for coffee and a cup
hens sop up a meal of toast and eggs in a henhouse. They are eating a
eggs on toast sopping up a meal in a garden . . sop up the meal with a
eggs and toast on a plate sopping up a meal. ..a plate of toast and eggs .
breakfast with eggs and toast in a sop in the supermarket. This is a meal that can be made in 
bird sops an egg in a bird's nest after a meal. Birds are eating a toast
should behave in a manner that is appropriate and avoid inappropriate behavior . aplomb is the best manner to avoid
should behave in a manner that is proper and avoid incompleteness . aplomb is the best manner to avoid
should behave in a manner that is appropriate and avoid impoliteness . aplomb is the best manner
behave in a manner that is neither proper nor mannerly . aplomb is the best manner to avoid.
should behave in a manner that avoids the use of improper words and phrases . aplomb is a
like to lift weights while swimming in the pool and squash court. I like to warm up by swimming and lifting weights
person lifts his weight like a squash court in a house . a person likes squash and warms
lifts weights like a squash court to warm up for country . i like the idea of lifting weights
a woman lifts weights like a squash player in the center of the court to warm up for fitness .
a woman lifts weights like a squash player on a court in a park. She likes to
animals eat food and bite each other. This is what happens when you eat animal food. ..a bite
animals eat food to digest it . . digestion happens when a large amount of food is digested by
i feel the pleasure of eating food from an animal . i love the way animals feel when eating food .
animals pass through the water to eat food. . Animals are eating food and drinking water. This is what happens
animals are listening to each other as they eat food. This is what happens when they are eating each other's food
plant growing in a corner of a lot of dirt .. . a bunch of plants growing in the
lot of plants growing in the dirt on a street. ..a lot of dirt is a good place to
plant growing in a closet with lots of dirt . ..a lot of dirt and moss .
a lot of plants growing in the dirt in a garden . ..a garden with lots of dirt and
plant growing in a bathtub with lots of dirt. ..a lot of dirt and moss. A lot
judge feels he is in the middle of a controversy over judging . . the judge felt he was
judge feels a sense of responsibility when he is judged . . judge feels the responsibility to judge .
judge feels resentment at being judged . he feels a sense of guilt for judging .
judge is judging the feelings of people around him . judging how people feel . judge how they feel. 
judge feels hurt after judging a child . . judge is hurt by the feelings of the children . the
a town located in a valley between mountains . ..a town is located in the valley between the mountains
hospital located in a small town located in the mountains . . The hospital is located on the outskirts of
a town located in the mountains of the state . . the town is located at the foot of a mountain
train located at a station in a small town in the mountains . . The station is located in the town
a town located in the mountains of michigan . the town is located on the shores of the lake .
people in a motel need to use a toilet in their room to get out of the motel. They need
people need to use a toilet in an apartment . one of them needs to use the toilet in the bathroom .
people need to use a toilet in a bathroom . one of the toilets in the bathroom. One of the
children need to use a toilet to play games . one of them needs to use the toilet for the first time 
one of the toilets in the house needs to be used by someone else . one of them is a toilet that
metal band need electricity to perform at a concert . metal band needs electricity to play metal . they need it to
metal band needs electricity in the bedroom . .. a bedroom needs a lot of metal and electricity .
sick person needs a band made of metal and electricity to make him feel better .. a person needs to make
band of metal needs to be plugged into a building to generate electricity . . metal band on the roof of
metal band in need of electricity at a church . . metal band is a band that needs electricity .
person tries to avoid pain by looking at a riddle and trying to avoid looking at it. The person is
a person looks at a puzzle and compliments the person on completing the riddle. The person is looking at
person is looking at a puzzle and trying to figure out how to complete the riddle . a person is
person looking at a riddle after completing a grade level puzzle. The person is looking for someone to pass
person is looking at a puzzle and trying to figure out how to complete the riddle. The puzzle is completed and
slice of bread in a plastic bag for breakfast. Makes a great breakfast. This is how to make a
slice of bread making breakfast in a pantry . ..a slice of toast for breakfast in the kitchen .
slice of bread made in a supermarket for breakfast. . a woman makes a sandwich with a slice of
slice of bread is made in a toaster oven for breakfast.. . a slice of toast is made
slice of bread is being made for breakfast in a prison . . prisoner making breakfast in the morning .
a man is bored doing housework and begins to make a mess in his house. He is beginning to get bored with
are doing some housework at home and the mess is beginning to look nice. The house is a mess. .
a man is doing housework in a house in michigan. he is beginning to make a mess. 
a woman is doing housework and feeling satisfied with the mess in the house. She is satisfied with her work and feels satisfied
cleaning up a mess in the living room of a house . doing housework . cleaning up the mess in
corpse covered in blankets and bathed in a store. The corpse is covered with a blanket.
corpse covered in blankets in a bedroom. The corpse is covered in blood. The blankets are covered in
corpse covered in a blanket at a hospital. Doctors are trying to determine if it is human or animal
corpse covered in flowers in a garden . ..a blanket of flowers in the garden. The corpse
corpses are covered in blankets in michigan. . michigan state police are investigating the death of a
man is trying to break a glass in order to accelerate his flight. He tries to break the glass and tries
man and woman are trying to break a glass together. They are putting it together and trying to put it back together
man is trying to break a glass while working on an order. He is working on a broken glass and trying to
man tries to break a glass while trying to construct a new one . a man is trying to break
man trying to break a glass on a train. He is trying to order a man to try and break it
trucker is plopping a pig on a bench at a bordello. It makes no sense to
trucker rests on a bench in an area where people can sense their presence. Trucker plops 
trucker plops a bench in the garden and makes no sense. Trucker has a sense of humor
trucker senses a bus plopping on a bench at a stop. A trucker plop
trucker plopped down on a bench to make sense of the state . trucker is parked on
republic is a state of the united states . . state of republic is the largest state in the republic .
democratic republic is a republic . republic is the largest country in the world . democratic republic is one of
kingdom is a republic . republic is the oldest kingdom in the world . . kingdom is the largest republic in
a republic is a democracy and republic . . republic is the largest country in the world . democracy is
dictatorship is a republic that was ruled by a group of people . . the republic was a
person hikes in clothing . The person is dressed in hiking boots and hiking boots . the person is wearing a
hampers of clothing for hiking in the mountains . . clothing for a hike . clothes for the hike 
a woman hikes through a closet filled with clothing. ..a woman is hiking through her closet to find
a woman hikes upstairs to change her clothes. She is wearing a tee shirt and jeans. She
young woman hiking with backpack and clothing. She is wearing a backpack to protect her clothing. They are hiking with a
apple trees in hampshire and new england . apple trees on a tree in the ham
apple trees blooming on a tree in autumn . apple trees in the garden . trees with apple trees .
apple trees growing in the state of washington . apple trees on a tree in a park . state of
apples on a tree in the sunshine . . apple trees in a forest with trees and apple trees .
red apple combusts spontaneously on a tree . apple tree in a forest . a
fish and crabs can be found in the market in the east of the area . . crabs and fish can
crabs can be found in shallow waters to the east . crabs are found in the shallow waters of the bay 
crabs are found in an area off the east coast of the atlantic ocean . crabs can be found in the
crabs are found in the fresh water in the east of the area . . crabs can be found in 
crabs are found along the shoreline to the east and west . crabs can be found in the area .
thinly sliced potatoes are perfect for a chef to craft a meal . the chef has crafted a
a chef prepares a perfect meal with a craft of food . ..a chef demonstrates how
a chef studying the art of french cooking to perfect his craft . a french chef studies the art and craft of
a chef makes a perfect cocktail with a craft cocktail . a cocktail is the perfect drink for a
a chef cooks a perfect dinner . he is a master craftsman and master of the art of
little girl is choosing a puppy to pet for the first time . ..a puppy is a good choice
cute puppy with a teddy bear. This cute puppy is a puppy .. . cute puppy
puppy in a kennel with other puppies. . a puppy in the zoo with 
puppy with a soft fur and a teddy bear on it. This is a cute little puppy with
puppy with a beard and a waxy coat. This is a puppy that has been rescued from 
lying in the shade exposed to the full force of sunlight . the sun is exposing the force of the sun .
lay in the shade of bright sunshine exposing the force of the sun . . the sun shines brightly through
armed force lying in the shade and exposing themselves to the sun . . the sun is blazing through
armed force eats a cake lying in the shade and exposes the cake to the sun. Forces are
lie in the shade and expose themselves to the force of sunlight . exposing yourself to the forces of nature . the
cleaning the house at the same time every year for the first time in a long time . neatness and tidyness
tiredness of cleaning a house is a sign of tiredness . it is time to clean the house .
cleaning a house at the same time every year . time lapse of a woman putting an order to clean
cleaning a house takes a lot of time and exhaustion . . cleaning the house takes time .
sneezing and cleaning the house at the same time. . a woman is cleaning a house
rumpspringa is going to a party . she has a schedule for a birthday party. 
group of people are going to a party to meet new people . a new schedule for a meeting .
are having fun and going to a party . i am going to have a lot of fun at a
are going to meet new people at a party on the schedule .. . a group of people are going
plan to go to a party and have a great time . i am going to plan a birthday party
ice and comets tend to follow a similar path to each other. Comets are the most common kind of
comets tend to set a kind of path in their orbits . . comet tends to set
comets tend to follow a similar path to other objects in the universe . a comet tends to
a comet tends to follow a path in space . comets tend to follow the same kind of
nucleus of a comet tends to stick to a solid path . comets tend to stick
sex requires a shower in a bedroom . i feel like i am in the shower .
sex requires a shower to feel pleasant . i feel like i'm in the shower .
feel the need to have sex in the shower . i feel like i need a shower to feel
sex requires a painful shower . i feel like i need a shower to feel comfortable .
sex requires a dirty shower . i feel like i need to get out of the shower. 
vet finds a tumor in an animal after euthanasia . vet finds the tumor in a pet 
a vet finds a tumor in the water and passes it on to another animal . vet finds the tumor and passes
a vet finds a tumor on an animal that has died . . an animal has died from cancer .
animals feel pain when they find a tumor in their intestines at the vet . vets find the tumor
vets feel the pleasure of finding a tumor in an animal . . an animal is happy to find a
girl is agitated by something and kissing her head. This is a sexual stimulation. kissing the head is
girl kissing her head and agitating herpes. Herpes is a common symptom of herpe
girl is kissing her head and it agitates her headaches. She is doing the same thing to her head.
girl catches a cold kiss on her head and agitates herself. She is caught kissing a thing.
girl is kissing her head and agitating with happiness. The thing is that he is doing is doing a
man reading a newspaper while commuting to work. He reads the trash while working. He works on 
man reading newspaper on the floor while commuting to work. He reads a newspaper on his way to work
man reading newspaper while commuting to work on the subway. He reads a newspaper on the way to work
commuters read newspaper on the ground while commuting to work. ..a woman reads a
man reading a newspaper on the lawn while commuting to work. He reads the newspaper on his way to
pail in the garage of a house . . pail of sand in a garage .
pail in the pool of a house with a pool and a swimming pool. . a pail
pail in the utility room of a house . . utility room in the house with a fireplace .
pails of hardware in a house next to a hardware store. . a pail of hardware at the
girl wishing on a pail at a well in a house . ..a woman is 
fountain distributes ink for a pen to print a message. The pen is printed with ink. The fountain
squid distributing ink from a printing machine . . ink is used to distribute ink
printing ink on a newspaper and distributing it. Newspapers are being distributed in a city. Printing in
man distributes a book printed in ink and distributes it. Ink and ink are used to print the
ink is being distributed to a printer. The printer is distributing ink. Printers are distributing the in
a group of people are killed by each other as a result of a conflict that has occurred . .
people thank god for the outcome of a tragic event . . people are thankful for the outcomes of the event 
people experience pain as a result of an event that occurred . the outcome of the event . people experience a
resulted in the hatred of people occurring . . people were harmed in the aftermath of the attack 
a group of people are talking about the outcome of each other's actions . people are discussing the outcomes of each
inscriptions written in japan on a terrace . . japanese writing on the terrace indicates
man indicating rice on a terrace next to a paddy of paddy . rice written on the paddy
woman writing on a terrace in a garden and indicating that she has a dog in the garden . 
writing indicates that michigan is a city . . michigan has a large terrace . the terrace is
inscriptions written on a terrace in italy indicate that the terrace was built in the early nineteenth century .
company is sending cardboard to recycle after purchasing packaging materials from a recycling company. The company is recycling the materials. The cardboard
company sends cardboard to a recycling bin for recycling . company recycles the cardboard purchased from the bins .
company sends a cardboard box to a recycling factory after purchasing a box from a recycler. The company
company is sending cardboard to a warehouse to be recycled. The company is purchasing cardboard and sending it to the recycling company.
bowlers purchase cardboard hats and send them to a recycling company. The company recycles them. The bowlers
liars have no home and no one knows who they are . a person has never known a
liar is a person who knows the truth about false information . a false person knows that he
liar knows he is a hungry person . i know he's a l
liars make fun of people who don't know what they are doing. . a l
liar knows he has a tumor in his brain . a person knows that he is 
child waits for a reward while waiting for dessert . ..a child is waiting for his reward .
children wait for their reward after spending a lot of time waiting for dessert. The reward is a reward for the time
child is waiting for a reward after getting bored with the dessert . ..a child is getting bored waiting for
child waits in anger for a reward while eating dessert .. . a child is waiting for his reward
child waits patiently for a reward in the dessert . . patience is the reward for patience . child
handler is giving assistance to a young boy who is feeling good about the pan. He is giving him assistance to feel
handler gives assistance to a man who is killed in a pan. The handler is giving assistance to the man
handler giving assistance to a man in pan suits under the law . a woman giving assistance with a pan
handler giving assistance with a pan out of his pocket. The handler is giving assistance to a woman with 
handler is giving assistance to a young boy who feels like he is loved by him . a pan of
caretaker with a child in a classroom with the principal. The child is being cared for by a
caretaker giving birth to a newborn child . a baby in a hospital room with a caretake
loving couple taking care of a young child .. . a loving couple with a child in a
caretaker sexing a child in a public park. The child is being abused by a
caretaker of a child with parents and a baby in a nursery . parents and children play with 
niece and nephew run a reunion with their family . . nieces and nephews at a family reunion 
niece is running around the house of her brother. She is a little girl and her brother is in a hurry to
niece and nephew running through a book with her family. This is a picture of a boy and his niece.
niece and nephew running under a tree in the park. . a family of four nieces and nephews run
niece and nephew run a party . . nieces and nephews are running around the room at a birthday
workers are required to work on a task that requires them to hold a public office . the task of holding 
workers require a high level of concentration to complete their tasks . . work requires a higher level of taxation
government is working on a task that requires a tax on energy . . the tax is required to pay for
workers are required to work on a job that requires them to be taxed . This is a task that
energhhh is a task that requires a lot of work . a tax is 
waking up after drinking and getting drunk in the night . awoken from a drunken stupor 
woman awakens from a night of drinking and discomfort . she is awoken by the smell of alcohol
woman awakens from a night of drinking and discomfort . she is awoken by the smell of alcohol
waking up with a headache after drinking a glass of wine at night . awoken from a
woman awakens from a drunken stupor after a night of drinking and shock . awaking from
ribbons are used to wrap the paper around the word ... . a word is used as a
girl's hair is tied with a ribbon and a piece of paper. The girl uses the ribbon to make 
ribbons and paper are used to create a word for a bath . . ribbons are used as 
paper and ribbon are used to create a floral arrangement for the word ... . Arrangement of flowers and
typewriter with ribbon and paper used to make a word. The ribbon is used to decorate the paper for the typewriter
sheep live in a school . . sheep are grazing on a grassy field near the school 
sheep live in a meadow . . sheep are grazing on a hay field .
sheep and lambs live in a barn. . a flock of sheep and goats are grazing on
sheep live on a farm . . sheep are grazing in the pastures . on the farm 
herd of sheep live on the fairgrounds . They are grazing on a grassy field .
fans watching a game of hockey on tv on a couch. The fans are watching the game on air.
living room with a couch and tv and fans blowing air through the room. There is a t
tv in a bathroom with a fan blowing air over the couch. People are watching a t
fans watching football on a couch next to a tv in a stadium. They are watching football in the
tv in a room with fans blowing hot air on a couch next to a fan. The room
students need to store their writing instruments in drawers on their desk. They need to walk around the desk to find what they
students need to store their writing instruments in a cabinet. They need to walk around the classroom to find what they need.
students need to walk to the store to get their writing instruments and purses. They are walking to a store to buy
students need to walk to the store to buy writing instruments. They are walking to the classroom to buy them. They need to
students walk past a store and need writing instruments in their pockets. They are walking to a library to buy them.
people watch a play in the auditorium of a building. They are watching a live performance. People are watching
crowds watch a play in the auditorium . ..a crowd of people watch the play. a
people watching a play in an auditorium in a city. ..a city is a large auditorium
group of people watch a play in an auditorium. They are watching a group of young people play. .
high school students watch a play in the auditorium . high school is a high school and high school .
are convicted of committing a murder with a verdict of not guilty . the outcome of the murder is 
convicted murderer is incarcerated after committing a murder and awaiting the outcome of the trial .
convicted of committing murder after a trial . convicted murderer was sentenced to life in prison for 
convicted of committing murder and sentenced to life imprisonment . convicted murderer commits a murder with the
has been convicted of committing murder and has been sentenced to life in prison for committing the crime . 
woman obtaining soap from a place in a supermarket. This is the place where soap is sold. The soap is
a woman is washing her hands with soap and placing it in a dish to obtain a clean place to place it
soap is placed in a cabinet to be obtained. The soap is then placed on a shelf. Placed in the
a woman owns a place to obtain soap at home . a home is a great place to get
woman obtaining soap and placing it in a sink. She is preparing to place it in the sink to obtain more
people are talking to each other about food. Some people are eating food. Others are eating it. People are talking about food
people are completing a job that involves preparing food. ..a man is completing the job of 
people wearing hats while eating food. People are wearing food.
people and animals kill each other for food . . people kill animals to get food from them . the animals are
people believe in food as a form of worship . they believe in gods and food . . people believe
cashier choosing a bottle of wine in a grocery store. ..a cashier chooses a wine
cashier choosing a bottle of diapers from a bag. The cashier chooses a diaper and a
cashier chooses a bottle of gas at a gas station. ..a cashier is choosing a
cashier chooses a bottle of liquor in a liquor store. . a cashier is choosing a
cashier choosing a bottle of medicine from a cabinet. The cashier chooses a medicine from the cabinet.
highway is a national highway in canada that you can consult . to know more about the highway . the highway is
atlas of highways known as national highways consulted by travelers . . highways are the most important
highways are the most important highways in the united states . . the highway is a national highway .
major highways are the most important highways in the country . a city is one of the most visited highways
book of highways to know about the national highways . the highways are the most important highways in the country
professors and masters of physics are preparing students for the final exam . physics professors are discussing the
professors and professors discuss the facts about the state of the nation . . professors state the facts .
professors wearing tweed and wrinkled jackets. The professors are wearing a black blazer. The
students and professors at a high school in a city . professors and students are chatting with each other
professors teach a class of courses at the university . Professors and professors are teaching a course .
man throws a pin in a bowling alley. A man is bowling and then throws the ball
football player throws a ball into a pin in a stadium. Footballer throws the ball into the crowd
soccer player throws a ball over a pin in the field of soccer. The ball is thrown by a
athlete throws a pin during a sporting event . ..a pin is thrown at the pin during
man throws a pin in a store for sporting goods . ..a man is throwing a ball
need to sing a cleaning song . i need to clean a house .. a song to clean
i need to clean up the mess and tidy up the neatness . I need to do a thorough cleaning of
i need to clean my house to avoid allergies . i have allergies and need to get rid of them .
need to clean your home to live healthy and clean . . cleaning your home is one of the most important aspects of
i need to clean my house using water . . I need to use soap and water to clean the bathroom 
spits a lot of phlegm . . notice the spitting and spi
spits a lot of saliva in his mouth . he notices he is spitting a
spits a lot of disease . i noticed that he was spitting .. 
spits a lot and notices germs on the surface ..a lot of people are spi
spits a lot of spittle on the ground . . notice the spitting and 
students list pencils and other supplies in a classroom. They are preparing to teach a class. The teacher lists
students are parked in a garage with pencils and other supplies. They are preparing to teach a class.
students list pencils and other supplies in a store. They are looking for supplies for a class. The store has
students list pencils and other supplies in their backpacks for a class. They are preparing to leave the classroom.
students list pencils in a classroom cabinet. They are preparing to teach a class. The teacher lists pencils
a woman swallows semen from a frog into your mouth . . you're swallowing
prostitutes swallowing semen from a bottle. Prostitutes are prostituting themselves.
woman is curious to see if you're able to swallow the semen . i'm curious to
squirming at the semen with curiosity . . semen swallowed by a 
heterosexual woman swallows her semen and loves it. The woman is heterosexual and heterosexual. The man is hetero
feel frustrated standing in a queue. I feel like i am standing in the line. i feel like standing in
stand in a queue and feel the delays. I feel like i am standing in the line. i feel like
feel irritated standing in a queue of people. Some people are annoyed by the feeling of being stuck in 
standing in a queue and feeling like they are moving forward. I feel like i am standing in the middle of 
i feel like standing in a queue and feeling the progress of the queue . I feel like i am standing in
boy tries to trap an animal in the sand to accomplish a goal. He is trying to accomplish the trap
zoo animals try to live as long as humans can . . try to accomplish this by living as long
dog tries to leave the home after completing a task . the animal is trying to accomplish something . 
try to feel the pain of an animal . . an animal is trying to accomplish something that feels like pain .
zoo animal tries to accomplish the task of eating . . an animal is attempting to eat
are dancing in euphoria after the press conference . a woman is pressed to dance in the
dancers are moving their bodies and pressing their bodies together. They are doing a press dance. This is a
dancers press their bodies to the rhythmic movement of the music. They are dancing in rhythmic rhythmic movements.
young girls are dancing and press a button to express their happiness. They are happy and smiling and dancing in the press.
dancers are pressurized during a dance due to fatigue . They are pressed to the floor while dancing
subscription to show a house in a subdivision with a driveway and a pool . . subscription to the
subscription to a newspaper on the driveway of a house . . subscription to the newspaper in the driveway .
a house with a driveway and subscription to tv show on the street . subscription to the show .
laundry mats show up on the driveway of a house with a subscription to a magazine . subscription .
driveway of a house showing the surface of the earth and a subscription to a magazine . subscription to show the
i feel like i am a lucky person . i'm not the only person who feels lucky 
person is crossing a street and feels like he is going to die. I feel like a person is dying.
person feels like they are being washed away by the water . a person is feeling the pressure of the water
a person eats something that makes him feel good . i don't want to feel guilty about eating
wonder what happened to this person . i wonder if he felt like he was the only person to feel
a woman is working to cut weight and increase her energy level . she is cutting her weight to a healthy level
wrestlers cut the weight with energy to reach the next level . . cut his weight with the help of 
athletes are cutting their weight and playing sports at a higher level . . cut their energy to play sports .
can cut down on the level of matter that makes up our energy . . the amount of matter in our bodies that
cut down on the amount of energy you need to sleep to keep your body at a healthy level . ..
person with a high fever is staying at home . ..a person is staying in hospital . the person
a person eats every day while staying at a hotel . every person stays at the hotel and eat
excited person stays at the hotel . ..a person is staying at a hotel to get ready for a
person stayed up all night to avoid headaches . a person is staying up late to avoid the headache .
young person is staying in a hotel room and is very expressive . ..a person stays in the hotel room
man is guarding a post. A man is standing guard at a checkpoint. . a man is
guards are preparing to attack a man. . Guards are on guard during the attack on . 
guards are intimidated by a man. The man is a police officer. He is being questioned by police
prisoner is being guarded by a police officer. The guards are surrounded by prisoners. . 
armed force guards are unprotected and unarmed. Guards are not protected. They are unarmed and
stuttering information expresses excitement and anxiety . i can't express how excited i am
dancers stutter in excitement and experience anxiety. They are experiencing a high level of anxiety. .
stuttering with excitement as he experiences the library for the first time . . anxiety and s
stuttering and experiencing a sense of anxiety and excitement as he goes to a new place .
stuttering with excitement as he experiences anxiety during a study . he stomps
letter openers are needed to open a letter in the office . the office needs a lot of supplies .
letter openers are all you need to open a letter in a stationery store . this is what you need
need a letter opener for the dek . I need one for the letter opener . i need one to
letter opener for a chest of martyrs in need of a letter opener . letter openers for the chest of
need a letter opener for refrigerator and letter opener . a refrigerator needs an opener for letters and numbers . refrigerator
young girl finds a match in a brothel draped in red carpet. ..a match for the
woman drapes a red carpet in a restaurant to find the perfect match .. find the right match for the
woman finds a carpet to match the drapes of a building. She finds it and drapes it with a
women are draped in a red carpet to find an alley for bowling match. They are looking for a
match the carpet at a hotel . Find the perfect match for your room . find the perfect room at the hotel
people face a lot of problems in their lives that need to be changed . they need to change their lives .
people need to change their lives for the better . . to make their life better for themselves . they need to
homeless people need to pay their bills so they can change their lives. They need to be able to pay the bills.
disillusioned people need a change in their lives . they need to change their life . .
people need to change the way they eat chicken in their lives . they need to eat more chickens .
human beings need shelter under an underpass to survive . . humans need shelter to survive in the underpass 
people need shelter to survive in their homes . shelter is the most important thing they need to survive . humans need shelter
people need shelter to survive in the workplace . shelter is a basic need for survival . human beings need shelter
children need shelter to survive in a school . shelter for human beings in need of shelter . a shelter
space shuttle is a shelter for human beings who need to survive in outer space . humans need to be sheltered
flight gave a bad trip to first class . . the first flight was canceled due to bad weather .
flight gives propitious flight after a bad trip . a flight with bad weather gives a good trip 
reputable airline gave me a bad flight on a recent trip . reputable airlines give me good flights .
flight one gave a bad trip . . bad trip on flight one . flight one was canceled .
flight was canceled due to bad weather . flight was not sufficient to give passengers enough time to make the trip .
bears walking in nature and seeing things. This is one of the most beautiful things to do in nature . .
beautiful things to see and do on a hike in the nature . see the views and things to do in nature 
hikers get wet walking in nature . i got a little wet and got soaked .
hikers are getting lost in nature and getting things wrong. They are walking through a forest and getting lost. They
landsharks walking by a waterfall after a hike . a lone shark
think i need to lose weight with exercise and food . I need to decide what food to eat and how to
deciding what exercise to do to lose weight . i think it's time to start exercising and losing weight 
woman decides to lose weight by exercising and sweating. She thinks it's time to start thinking about how to
deciding what fastfood to eat to lose weight . i think fastfood is the best way to loose weight
decided to lose weight by exercising and thinking about it . i think i need to lose some weight and think about
artificial structure created by nature . . artificial structure creates a sense of harmony with the natural environment . nature
a structure created by nature to bring the outdoors indoors . the structure was created to bring nature into the indoors
structure created by nature to create a city . . the city is a beautiful city surrounded by mountains and
structure was created by man made by nature . . man made structure is a structure that man made and nature created
cake is a structure created by nature to eat . nature . a man eats a cake
typhoon turning into a sea of clouds .. . a tropical cyclone turning into
snowflakes turn into a white cloud as the sun goes down over the water . . clouds turn into snowflakes
ladles in the water as the clouds turn .. . a man is ladled by a
raindrops turn into a cloud as the sun goes down . the clouds turn into teardrops in the water
cloud turning into water and sinking to the bottom of the sink . The water turns into water as it sinks 
wetlands are known as swamps in the state . the state is one of the largest wetlands in the country 
known as a swamp in the state of new york . . the swamp is one of the largest swamps in
known as a swamp in the state of michigan . michigan is one of the few states that have a
know the state of louisiana is a swamp . the state is known as the swamp state . louis
a river known as the delta in the swamps of the state . . known as a swamp .
man snoring as he goes to sleep on his body. This is what happens when you go to sleep
body is going to sleep and the latency is happening. This is what happens when the body goes to sleep . 
body is going to sleep and dreams are going to happen . a dream happens when your body goes to sleep .
body relaxing before going to sleep . ..going to sleep is the best thing to happen to your body .
body is going to sleep and dreaming about what happened . . dreaming of going to bed . going to
monkeys enjoying a banana on a tree. . monkeys enjoy the bananas in a garden. monkey
sailor in a monkey suit enjoying the sun. Sailors and monkeys enjoy the sun while enjoying the
monkeys enjoying a show in a theatre. .. monkeys enjoy a movie. ... monkeys
monkeys enjoying a mulberry in a bush . monkeys enjoy eating mulberries . .
monkeys enjoying research in a laboratory. The monkeys are enjoying a snack. Researchers are conducting research in the laboratory
form an exercise to exercise the shortness of breath . the form of exercise is a form of breathing exercise .
woman lifts weights in a form of exercise. She is exercising and lifting heavy weights. The woman is exercising
woman is forming a form of error while exercising in the gym . ..a woman is making a
woman is exercising and falling down form of a teddy bear . she is falling down from a chair
woman is running and exercising in the form of a jogger. She is in good form for running ..
planet earth is surrounded by a forest of trees . . the earth is the largest planet in the solar system
planets are in orbit around the earth . . planets orbiting the earth in a spiral orbit .
planets in the solar system with a solar system and a planet . . planets and stars in the
fotograph of the planet earth and planets . planets and the earth . a photograph of planets
dreams of a planet and the earth . . planet earth is the planet of dreams . the earth is 
canisters and containers to buy for your pantry . . buy a container for a canister in the
cans in a container bought at a grocery store . a man buys a can from a
canisters of gas are used to buy gas in a container. The container is filled with cans and cans
cans of liquid that you can buy in a container at the supermarket . You can buy liquid in containers .
canisters are bought in a garage . . buy a container for a can of beans .
friends meet at a friend's house. . a group of friends are meeting at the house of a
friends meet for the first time at school . ..a girl meets her friends for the second time in a
friends meet at a fraternity house . . friends meet for the first time in years . fratern
friends meet for coffee in a cafe on the internet. . a group of friends are surfing the internet together.
friends meet on an airplane with their friends . . friends and family meet on the tarmac . airplane 
man watching a balloon rise in the direction of the sun from upstairs . man watching the balloon rise from below .
man watching a balloon rise aloft in the direction of the sun. Watching the balloon rise in the sky and
balloons rising in the direction of a diagonal . Watch the direction as they rise above the ground . watch the
balloons rising upstream in the direction of the sun watching the sun rise above the clouds below . . Watching
balloons rise in the direction of the sun and watch the sun rise above the clouds below .. . a
make me feel so happy when i play . i make myself happy by making myself feel happy by playing .
children are playing and learning while making a mess. They are learning by making mistakes and making mistakes. The children are learning
football player makes a quick recovery after an injury during a match . . player makes his way back to the
children are playing and making burns while making a fire. They are making fires while playing and burning ..
kids are playing and making themselves hungry so they can get enough food to eat. They make themselves hungry and get enough to
sees a lot of envy as he sees the new birthday present he received . i envy the
see a new birthday present and get jealousy. This is what happens when someone sees a birthday present .
see a new baby on his birthday and see what happens to his education . . new baby sees a
are scared to see what will happen if something happens to their new baby on his birthday . a new baby is
see the excitement of seeing a new baby for the first time on his birthday . This is the first birthday he
cat jumps when it smells meat. Causes a cat to jump. The smell of meat causes him to jump
cat is causing a jump when it smells something in the bedroom . a cat jumps out of the
cat is jumping out of a microwave because it smells like something is going on. Caused by a smell.
cat is jumping out of a living room and smelling something. Causes a cat to jump out of the room
cat is causing a cat to jump on the floor and smell something.. ..a cat smells something
sock full of flowers to continue growing in a room in the gym . . flowers continue to grow in
people plant flowers in a sock in their room at the gym . .. a room full of
sock with flowers in many colors in a gym room. ..a room with many different colors of socks
sock with flowers smells good in the gym room . a room with a gym . room with
sock and flowers make a pretty room for a gym . i love the idea of making a
parts of an electrical circuit on a table in a room with a tv and a computer on the
building a table is part of a rhyme and part of building an uneven level . . the table is built
part of a table is unevenly leveled and rhymes with the other parts . . unevenly 
unbalanced parts of a table in a rhyme . . the table is part of an unbal
part of a table tilted to the level of the table . the other part is a rhyme .
person seeks financial security by signing a contract with insurance company and seeking financial security for their home . a person
person seeks insurance to live in a home . a person signs a contract with insurance company and seeks
person signs a contract to seek insurance for their home . a good person seeks insurance for a home 
a person seeks compliments on his home with a sign on it . a person signs a form of
person signs a contract for discounted furniture and insurance to seek a new home . a person seeks a
a man knows he is committing a murder and thinks it is a sign of happiness . 
think a man is committing a murder . committing murder is a crime that he knows .
a man knows he is guilty of murder and thinks he has been convicted of committing it .
man in distress thinks he has committed a murder . he knows he is committing a crime
know they are committing a murder but they are not committing it because they are afraid of the misery they will
man eats a hamburger and dies. He is eating gas. A hamburger is on a plate. He
man eating a hamburger and getting a full stomach. He is getting ready to die. After eating the hamburger he
cows eating hamburgers and getting mad. The cows are mad. They are eating a hamburger and dieing.
man eats a hamburger and dies . . dies after eating it . the hamburger .
eat a hamburger and feel full . i feel like i'm eating a burger. 
a boat requires a lot of skill to navigate the water . . navigation requires some special skills ..
sailing boat requires a lot of skill to navigate the oceans . . navigation skills are required for sailing in the
a boat requires a lot of skill to navigate in a garage . . navigation requires some skill .
fishing boats require a lot of skill to navigate a harbor . . navigation requires a great deal of skill
fishing boat requires a certain amount of skill to navigate a river . . navigation requires some skill . boat
person is reassured by self and acknowledges it. . a person affirms that he or she is
self assured person is a person who is focused on their own self . ..a person is self assured and
self assured person knows what he needs to know at the right time .. . a person is a
feel like a person is an important person in the world . i am a very important person and i
person reassures himself that he is the only person he can trust .. a person can trust himself
friends making a scary movie with their friends . . friends make scary movies together . making scary movies with their
friends are having a great time making new friends and having fun together . making friends with their friends . .
making friends is a good feeling that makes you feel good . making friends with a friend is good feeling .
making friends with a friend who is in conflict . making friends and making friends is a difficult task . 
making friends with a friend and making friendships . . making friends is the best way to make friends .
feel the needy and give assistance . a reward for giving assistance to those who need it . the reward is
woman giving assistance to a needy person who feels bored and feels needy . Giving assistance to those who feel bored
woman giving assistance to a needy person with pleasure . Giving assistance to someone who feels like she needs it .
woman giving assistance to those who feel needy . Giving assistance to people who feel like they are in need . 
woman giving assistance to the needy and feeling satisfied . Giving assistance to those who feel like they are in need .
carrots need a drive in the refrigerator . i need carrots to make a salad . I need
man drives a cart full of carrots to a store where he needs them. He needs carrots. He
farmer drives a truck full of carrots to a market where they need to sell them. Farmers need carrots.
carrots and carrots need to be driven to the supermarket . I need carrots to make a salad .
carrots need to be dried in a dryer. I need to drive them to a store. i need to
a sailboat leaving a mess of eaters on a lake . a small sailboat left a
pizza eaters leave a mess on their desks. The mess is left on the desk of a restaurant. The
pizza eaters leave a mess in the closet . ..a mess is left behind by a dog.
pizza eaters leave a mess on the table. The table is covered in crumbs. The mess is left behind by
pizza eaters leave a mess in the apartment . ..a mess is left behind by a cat.
is a person who has a partner in life . a woman is the most important person in your life 
a house for a single person is larger than the average house for two people . a larger house for one
is a person who has second chances in life . a second chance in life is what happens when you give 
person is a person who has a lot of money. ..a person is the only person in the world
person is suffering from a headache. .. a person is having a hard time deciding what to do
a bird picks up a string from a nest of a small animal. The animal is flying away.
giraffe picks up a string from a tree in a park. The animals are flying around and
stuffed animal flying with a pick and strings on a guitar. The animal is flying with the strings of a
a kite flying on a string with a stuffed animal on it. The animal picks up the string
teddy bear flying on a string and picking up a quark. The quark is a flying
committing perjury with confidence . a man commits a felony by committing a perjur
man committing perjury goes to jail after committing an issue of felony . a man commits an
committing perjury by lying about the issue . a man tells a woman he committed perjur
man commits perjury by lying and committing a false statement . he is lying while committing per
person commits perjury by issue of a manual . a man is convicted of committing perjur
tennis court with a tennis court in the desert . tennis court and tennis court . a court of tennis in
tennis court on a campus next to a tennis court at a college. Students play tennis on the tennis courts.
tennis court in a recreational center with tennis courts and tennis courts. There is a tennis court and a volleyball court
tennis court is an athletics and tennis court at a club. There are tennis courts, basketball courts, and tennis courts
tennis court is a tennis court in a park. It is surrounded by tennis courts. There are tennis courts and
cups filled with sand are used to make a drink. This is a great idea for kids to use for
woman fills a cup of coffee in a kitchen cabinet and uses a spoon to make a drink. The
woman fills a cup with water from a waterfall and then uses it to drink a drink . .
cups filled with water are used to drink from a fountain . ..a man fills a cup with
woman fills a cup of coffee on a table and uses it to fill a glass of drink. .
people play video games in a living room with formal seating at night .. . a man plays video games
friends playing video games in the living room of a house at night . . friends play video games on a
kids playing video games in the living room at night while watching movies. .. a girl plays video games and movies
kids playing video games in the living room at home at night .. kids play video games at home . .
kids playing video games in the living room at night in an apartment. They are playing a video game. ..
a weasel runs through the streets of washington dc . washington is in danger of
weasel running down a ladder in danger. This is a joke. Weasels are running
weasel running in danger at a museum of natural history and history . ..a wea
weasel running through a cherry tree with jokes and dangers . ..a wea
weasel running in a coop in danger of being eaten by chickens. This is a joke
man looking at a blowfish as he lands at the fish market . a fisherman looks at
blowfish looking for a landing in the jungle . . blowfish look for food on the land . in
blowfish look out of the water as they land in the sea. The sea is full of blowfish and corals.
blowfish looking out of the water at land. The body of a blowfish looks out into the water. The fish
blowfish looking to land on a bowl of soup. This is a picture of a man looking at a
rotor of a jet checks the power of its combustion engine. The jet is powered by a turboprop engine
rotor of a helicopter checks the power of the engine. Checking the engine's combustion power. Check the
rotor of a motor is checked for electric power . Checking the combustion of fuel in the combustion chamber of
rotor of a rotator of power checks the combustion of fuel in a combustion chamber . rot
rotor checks the electrical circuit of the combustion engine to make sure it is running at full power . Checking the
poker players spread out their cards before the flop . The dealer spreads out the cards to the poker players .
dealer spreads the flop in a game of poker. The dealer is playing a hand of poker with a
dealer spreads the flop of poker cards at a casino. Poker is a game of poker. The dealer spread
dealer spreads the cards at the poker table during the flop .. . flop of poker at a
dealer spreads a flop of cards in a toy store. The dealer is surrounded by toys. The
cruets are kept in a salt shaker with salt. The saltshaker keeps the salt from the cru
salt and pepper shakers kept on a table next to a salt shaker. The saltshakers are
salt shakers kept in a cupboard in the kitchen . Keeping the salt in the cupboard is a great
salt shakers keep the salt in a cabinet . a saltshaker keeps the salt out of a
saltshakers kept in a store with salt and pepper shakers. This is a salt shaker that
dollar in a drawer at a store where you can buy cash . ..a man buys a
teh store where you can buy a dollar at a bank . a man buys a
dollar safe is a safe that you can buy at a store . You can buy a dollar from a
dollar in a pocket bought at a grocery store . ..a woman buys a dollar at 
piggy buys a dollar from a bank . The piggy is a piggy that you can buy
counter and sideboard in a living room of a home . a room with a fireplace and a
buffet serving food on a counter and sideboard in a living room. The buffet serves food from a sideboard
dining room has a counter and sideboard. There is a dining room with a table, chairs and a
counter and sideboard in a living room with a fireplace. The living room has a dining room and a
counter and sideboard in a kitchen in the living room . kitchen with a large island and a dining room
bug on the windshield of an airplane is causing inability to land . . bug on windshield of airplane .
bug on the windshield of a scooter causing inability to use it . . bug in the windshield caused in
motorboat with a bug on it's windshield causing inability to steer . . bug in the windshield
bug on the windshield of a car causing inability to drive . . bug on windshield of car .
bug on the windshield of a motor vehicle causing inability to drive . ..a bug in the windshield
jean store selling clothing in a mall. There are many stores selling clothing and jeans. The mall has many clothing stores
jean store selling jeans in a bedroom at mall . . jeans are sold in the store .. jeans
thrift store selling jeans at a mall. Several thrift stores and clothing stores are selling a variety of styles of jeans
jean store selling jeans in an apartment in a mall. This is a store that sells jeans in apartments.
jeans are sold at a store in a mall with a gap between them. The store is selling jeans with 
woman borrows a towel from a cupboard in a bath. .. i borrowed the towel from the
woman borrows a towel at a hotel for a bath. She then returns to her room to borrow another towel
young woman borrows a towel to bathe after swimming in the pool .. . a man borrows
woman borrows a bath towel from a line of clothes. She borrows clothes from her mother. She then borrow
girl borrows a towel from a backpack while bathing. .. a woman borrows towels from 
people stop caring about the problems they have. People stop taking care of their problems. They stop caring for each other. They
people need to stop taking care of themselves and stop worrying about the problems they have with the world around them . .
people face a problem when they stop taking care of their children . . people stop caring for their children because they
a group of people are learning how to stop each other from causing problems. They are learning from each other how to
disillusioned people stop taking care of their problems . . people stop caring about their problems and become dis
horse riding across the plains to reach the mountains of the ocean . . the ocean is a vast expanse
rider reaches fancy on the plains of the ocean . the ocean is a great way to reach .
rider reaches the sandplains of the ocean . ..a horse riding on a 
cliffs and plains reaching the ocean on a windy day. Riders reach the ocean from the cliff
horse riding through a gorge to reach the plains of the ocean . . the gorge is a
actors and actresses show their passion for the theater . . actor and actress in a theater with a
actors and actresses show their passion for opera during a performance . opera . actor and actress in a
actors and actresses show their passion for acting in a film . . actor and actress show their love for
actors and actresses show their passion for television and acting on tv . . actor and actress .
actor shows his passion for acting in blockbuster films . . blockbusters feature actors and actresses in
folding chairs that can be used at the beach or in a store . . foldable chairs for use at the
folding chairs are used in a city hall . . folding chairs can be used in any store or restaurant .
folding chair in a closet that can be used to store clothes and other items . a folding chair is a
folding chairs that can be used for storage in the garage . . foldable chairs can be easily stored in a
folding chairs that can be used in the classroom at school or in the store . foldable chairs can be stored in 
woman is tired and spends a lot of time shopping for shoes. She is tired of spending time in the mall.
woman spends a lot of time in a shoe with calluses . she spends her shopping time in
woman spends a lot of time shopping for shoes during the bankruptcy . .. a woman is spending 
woman standing in line to buy a new pair of shoes. She spends a lot of time in the store.
i spent a lot of time shopping for shoes . i was so tired that i couldn't sleep
president voted to impeach president . a vote of no confidence means he will be impeached
impeachment could mean the end of the presidential election . . the president was impeached .
president and his wife are in trouble over an impeachment that could mean trouble for the country . . imp
means that the president has been impeached by a board of directors . . impeachment is
impeachment means that the president of corporation has been impeached . this means that he has been
nobles believe a bear is a teddy bear and a loser in the empire . 
nobles and ignoble citizens believe that the bear is a teddy bear and not a bear
nobles and peasants believed the bears were a symbol of the empire . . the pea
nobles and citizens believe that bears are superior to bears in the empire . . the bears believed that
plebeian citizen believed a bear was a god of the empire . . nobles believed the bear
baseball player sprains his ankle while playing baseball . . baseball player plays baseball with a s
boy playing baseball with a sprain on his ankle while eating and playing baseball. He is playing baseball and 
baseball player sprains his ankle while playing baseball . . baseball player plays baseball with a s
man is playing baseball with a sore ankle after spraining his ankle while playing baseball . .
young man is playing baseball with a sprain on his ankle after he sprained his ankle while
young woman checking the carpet in a bedroom as she travels through a city for the first time in her life 
woman checks the time on a red carpet as she travels to a city in a chair. She checks the
bowling alley in a city with a red carpet and travel time .. check out the time lapse
woman checks the time on the red carpet at a hotel in a city. They are traveling to the airport to check
people check out the red carpet at a restaurant in a city during time travel .. time lapse of 
a city known for its beer in a condo . . the city is known as the beer capital of the
electrical circuit in a condo known as a city . known as the circuit of beer . . electrical circuit
residential area known as the beer district is a residential area with condos and apartments . known as beer district .
a city known for its beer and condos in the suburbs . ..a city is a suburb
condo in the city of milwaukee known as beer city . a city known for its beer .
woman reading a note on a fridge. Notes are on the fridge. She is reading it. She reads
man reads notes on a sheet of music. He is reading the notes on the sheet. The music is played by
woman reads a note on a desk. She is reading a book. Notes are on the desk.
girl reading a note on the bed in bed . .. a man reads the notes in a
doctor reads notes on a chart in a hospital ward . . medical note on the chart .
have no money to buy beer . i have to buy a beer with the money I have. I have no
man buying beer and pants in a bar. He is buying a beer. Beer and pants. .. 
buying a beer for relaxation and relaxation . . beer is a great way to relax after a long day
man loses money buying beer. He is losing money on a trip to the brewery. He has lost money on beer
man spends money buying beer and spending money on it. He spends a lot of money on beer. .
gum on a shelf next to a pair of shoes. Comes with a box of gum on the bottom.
gum on a shoe coming out of a movie. The movie is coming out on tuesday 
gum on a shoe coming down a sidewalk. People are coming out of a store to buy a new pair
gum and a shoe coming out of a fountain. Water comes out of the fountain. The fountain is filled with water
gum and a shoe come out of a table. Shoes and gum are on the table next to each other. Shoes
person knows everything about how to pay a bill . a person knows how to do everything to pay the bill 
person pays a bill with an acknowledgment . The person pays the bill and acknowledges the person . .
person is making more money by paying more bills .. . a person pays more bills to make more money 
person throws a party and then pays a bill. The person pays the bill. A person is paying a
person pays a bill in spare time . a person has spare time to spare .. someone is paying 
benefits of exercising and losing weight . exercise is a great way to lose weight and keep it off . .
benefits of exercising and eating healthy . exercise is a great way to stay active and stay fit . exercising is 
benefits of exercising and getting in shape . Getting in shape is one of the best ways to get in shape and stay
benefits of exercising for weight loss . exercise is a great way to lose weight . . weight loss is 
benefits of sweating while exercising . sweating is a great way to get rid of the toxins in your body
think it's possible to go ahead and agree there is no other way to go about it . i think it
are unable to agree on what is possible . i think it is possible to agree . but i am
think it's unlikely to agree that this is a good idea, but I think it is unlikely to happen .
think it is possible to agree that impossible is an impossibility and agree that it is impossible to agree on a
don't think it's possible to agree that you cant agree that this isn't possible . I
japanese restaurant in a city on the coast of california is one of the most
japanese restaurant found in a city on the coast of the region . tokio is a
find japanese restaurants in the downtown of a city on the west coast of region . find a
japanese restaurant found on the coast of narnia . a city in the region of 
japanese restaurant found in a small town on the coast of region . a city is a
a tactic that interferes with learning about science . repetition is one of the most effective ways to learn about science
wonder if science is a tactic to interfere with our sense of wonder . science interferes with the sense of
children are learning about a tactic that interferes with learning about science . how to prevent accidents in the classroom 
a tactic to interfere with learning about science . the tactic is used to intimidate students into learning science 
a tactic to increase knowledge about science is to interfere with the learning of other tactic . science is a
i fell in love and got married i felt like i was falling in love . i got married and
feel the pain of falling in love . i fell in love and felt the pain . fall in love with the
fall in love and feel the happiness . i fell in love with a woman . and felt like i
i fell in love and got married i felt like i was falling in love . i got married and
fell in love and fell out of love . i felt like i was falling in love with someone . but
tiger is stuck in a prison in the jungle. The animal is a zoo animal. The
tiger is stuck in a cage at a zoo. The animal is a wild t
tiger is killed with a stick in a prison. The animal is a lion. The t
tiger is stuck in a prison in india. The animal is a zoo animal. The 
tiger eats a stick of cake in a prison. The animal is a zoo
parent tells her child to do a study on the weekend . . child tells a story to her
parents begin to tell their children about school on the weekend . . child begins to tell his parents about school .
child tells his parents to go out and play on the weekend . a parent tells a child to go
children rowing in a boat with their parents on a sunny weekend . parents tell their children to stop rowing
parent tells a child to clean the room on the weekend . . child cleans the room during the weekend
friend of a dog that is known to be aggressive to other dogs . the dog is aggressive and knows it .
dogs are friendly and know each other. Dogs are known as friends. They are known to each other as dogs. They
dogs are very loyal and know their friends very well. They are very friendly and very loyal to their owners . .
dog is found outside a friend's house . a dog is known to be a wolf .
dog is very smart and knows what his friends are doing. This is a very smart dog. This dog knows how to
wheeled machine is used for transportation on a boat. It is used to buy and transport goods by boat. The
man buys a wheeled machine for transportation in michigan . . buy a transportation machine with wheels
wheeled transportation machine buys a train at a station. This machine is used to buy transportation from a
bicycles with wheels for transportation in a shop. The wheels of a bicycle are bought from a machine. The
man buys a wheel of a car from a transportation machine in the trunk. The machine is used to transport
a man uses a vacuum to save space . a woman uses the vacuum to use the space around him 
woman using a vacuum in a closet. She uses a handheld vacuum to clean her clothes. She is using 
woman uses a vacuum in the kitchen to vacuum up food. A woman uses the vacuum in a kitchen. .
spacecraft using a vacuum to orbit the earth . This is the first time we have seen the use of a
container is used for vacuuming. This container is for use as a storage container. This is a great way to
woman is buying condoms in a supermarket. She is buying a condom. A man is buying them.
condoms are in a drawer where you can buy sock. This is a good way to buy condo
woman buys condoms on cd in a store. The store has a large selection of condom
woman buys condoms and medicine from a chest. .. a man buys medicine and condom
woman buys condoms in a bedroom . . buys a condom in the bathroom .
goats and sheep are the only animals that know how to eat grass. The goats are known to be the only
sheep is an expensive animal to know and follow . sheep are known as the most expensive animal in the world . 
lion is known as a follower of other animals . lions and other animals know each other as well
wolf and a follower of an animal know each other as sheep . wolves and sheep are the only animals
sheep are known to follow a flock of goats in a meadow. Followers know which animals are in
soldier tells the enemy he is fighting a battle . a soldier points to the enemy and tells him
soldier points to a soldier and tells him he is going to war. The soldier goes on to tell a
soldier tells how he is fighting for freedom . a soldier points to a flag and tells the crowd
soldier tells a soldier to wait for his orders. The soldier waits for orders at a point. .
soldier tells a soldier to follow the instructions he was given . . soldiers follow instructions . soldier tell
man sipping a gun as he kills a man through a hole in the wall . .
gunman kills a man in damnation with a gun .
man shoots a man with a gun to kill him. He was shot dead by a police officer. He
a man is killed by a gun after committing a crime . a woman is shot and killed by
man eats breakfast and then kills a man with a gun. The gunman is armed with 
group of people are greeted by a hostess during a training program for employees . .
hostess greets employees as they arrive for a training program. Guests are greeted by a
hostess greets a group of employees during a training program . employees of various occupations .
hostess greets employees as they work in a conference room for a program. Employees work together to
hostess greets a customer as she sits down to a program. Employees greet customers at the
soap is stored in a cabinet and placed on a shelf. The soap is placed on the shelf next to a
place of soap in a supermarket. This is a place where you can buy soap and other products.. .
place where soap is sold in a store. This is a place where prisoners are jailed. There is 
butts of soap are placed on a shelf in a store. The soap is placed on top of a
woman owns a soap store and places it in her home . . place your own soap in the store 
love is a kind of pain that can cause loss of love . but it is not the only kind of loss 
love is the only thing that can cause a loss . it is the kind of thing that makes you happy .
love is the only thing that can cause loss of sight . . blindness is a kind of loss that causes
can cause contagious loss of any kind of love . . love is a kind of loss that is con
bring a kind of joy to those who have lost love . . loss is a cause of loss .
girl uses a ballpoint pen at home and uses it in a backpack. This is a girl using a
man using a ballpoint pen at home and a bank. He uses a pen with a black ballpoint
ballpoint pen in a drawer on a desk at home used as a pen with a ballpoint tip 
girl eats a ballpoint cake and uses a pen at home . ..a girl uses 
ballpoint pen is used in the office and at home as a pen. This is a desk with a ball
catches the delusion and uses it to work to his advantage . . caught the truth and works to his
caught up in a delusion to matter what the truth is . . delusions to matter .
delusion helps to catch the truth .. . a man is caught in a trap of del
catch the truth and free your mind from delusion . the truth is that you can never catch a del
delusion catches the truth and knowledge further .. . a man is caught in a del
a city has a yard of a similar size . the city is a great place to live .
size of a yard with a lot of landscaping and living space . living space is about three feet by three feet
size of a yard in a new subdivision . landscaping and size of the yard . living quarters in 
garage is a large size and has a lot of parking . landscaping and a garage with a living room
size of a yard for a man living in michigan . landscaping in a small yard . .
flask containing elements for distillation in a laboratory . . distillation of elements in the laboratory 
chemistry lab with a flask containing elements for distillation in a lab . a chemistry
flask in the pocket of a coat containing elements of distillation . . distillation element in the
cocktail flasks in a speakeasy hours after the distillation of whiskey . an element of whiskey in 
flask containing the elements of a distillery on the bordello . The distillery is based on
teenagers are encouraged to cool off and express their anger. This is a good way to encourage them to express anger.
girl encourages a punch to express her anger . . punching a woman encourages her to express his
woman demonstrates how to express anger and encourage others to do the same . Illustration of a man expressing his anger
woman encourages a fight and expresses her anger . she encourages people to express their anger and anger 
a woman expresses anger and encourages others to release it . expressing anger is a powerful way to
students learning math in a math class playing with triangles. They are learning how to make a triangle. .
students are learning math by playing with a triangle in a book. They are learning how to make triangles. They
students learn how to play pythagorus in triangles in the band . students learn to play the
students are learning how to play triangles in the orchestra. They are learning to play a piece of music in a
students learn how to play triangles in a music class. They are learning how to make triangles with music. They
i need to turn on the television and use it while it is wet . i don't need to
woman is using a television to turn her eyes away. She needs to use it to turn off the television. She is
use a television to kill time and turn off the lights . I need a new television to turn off .
plug a television into a wall and turn it on to use it. The television is in use and needs to be
people need to turn the television on before using it. They need to first turn the power off before using the television. They
guy playing poker in a game of poker during a competition in the movie .. . poker is a
guy playing poker in a movie. This guy is having fun playing poker. This is a fun game of poker.
guy playing poker and losing money in a game of poker in the movie.. . a guy is playing poker
guy playing poker in a movie. This guy is having fun playing poker. This is a fun game of poker.
guys playing poker at a social event . guys playing a game of poker during a movie . .
dog is stroking his fur to start a fight. The dog is starting to fight. A man strokes his
dog strokes his fur while playing with a ball. The dog is playing with his toys. The dogs are playing with
dog with lots of fur is getting lots of attention and strokes. The dog is licking his paws.
dog is petted and stroked by a man. The dog is licking his fur. The man strokes
dog strokes a bone in the fur . ..a dog is stroking a dog's
stools fall from a bar in a kitchen . The kitchen has a sink, sink, and stool.
drunker falls asleep on a stool in a bar. The stool is falling off the bar. A drunker is
stool falling from a bar in a tavern. The stool is a stool that is on 
stool falling from a bar in a restaurant. The stool is falling off the bar. The bar is a small
stool falling from a bar that is shorter than the bar . The stool falls from the bar and falls to the floor
woodworker touches the petrified wood to petrify it . the touch of a tiger 
woodworker sanding a piece of wood to give it a new touch . . woodwork
woodworker touches a warped piece of wood with his fingers . . warps the warped wood
woodworker touches the composted wood with his fingers . . woodworkers touch the wood with a
woodworker cleans a piece of wood with a clean touch . . woodworkers touch the wood
tribal chief wipes a peon from his face as he sees his tribe .. . a
chief of a tribe wipes out a group of indians . . the chief of an indian
chief minister wipes a smear of mud from the face of a tribe . . chief
follower of chief wipes his eyes as he sees a group of tribes in a forest .
tribal chief and his employees wipe a smear of mud from the face of a tribal member .
pink and white flowers compete for sunlight as they grow on the blossoms . The blossoms of the flowers are competing for
pink flowers compete for sunlight in a park . . flowers are growing in the shade and competing for sunlight .
yellow flowers compete for sunlight as they grow in the open . In the sunlight . the flowers are growing in a
pink and white flowers compete to grow in a shadow cast by the sunlight . . flowers are competing to compete for
yellow and white flowers growing in a vase competing for sunlight. In the sunlight. The flowers are competing for the vase.
man driving a car to work to make up for the boredom of driving to work . he made a
driving a car makes you happy and makes you feel good about yourself and your work . . making you feel happy
cost of driving a car to work makes it more economical to drive a vehicle . driving to work is a
man is driving a car to work and making a quick stop to make it to work. He is making his way
car driving to work making a road rage. . a man is making his way down the road to work
kind of food made on a wooden boat . a boat is made of different kinds of food . this kind
a kind of food that makes it necessary to live a healthy life . food is essential to living . it is
kind of food that is edible and can be made into different kinds of food . . edible food is a kind
kind of food that makes you feel like you are eating unhealthy food . . unhealthy food can make you feel sick 
make different kinds of food in the kitchen . ..a kitchen is a kitchen full of different kind of food
find the part of a triangle with three vertices . . find the smallest part of the triangle
trying to find the part of a triangle . . find the points of the triangles . Find the points
find the sides of a triangle in part 3 . . find the parts of the triangle that make up the triangle
three parts of a triangle are found on the sides of the triangle . . the triangle is divided into three parts
trying to find the parts of a triangle in a book of math . how to find a part of 
automobiles exiting a ramp on a freeway. This is the exit ramp for the freeway ..
automobiles in a garage on a freeway. This is a typical scene of a city with a
automobiles are parked in a driveway on a freeway... .. an automobile on the free
automobiles are being repaired at a repair shop on a freeway. .. a man is repairing
automobiles stop at a red light on a freeway. The traffic light is red and the traffic is moving.
spouse is going to bed with sex in the bed leading to bad dreams .. . a couple of
husband and wife are going to bed for a good nights sex . a man is leading a couple
husband and wife are going to bed and resting sex. . a man is leading his spouse to bed
spouse leads the way to sleepiness in bed . sexiness leads to a lot of sleepiness .
pregnant woman leads her spouse to a bed to get her sex . a woman is going to bed and
surprised me with a surprise .. . i was surprised by the surprise of a new baby .
surprised by a fight . . The fight was a surprise . the fight ended with a victory 
surprised by the annoyance of a teddy bear .. . a surprising anno
might surprise you and scare you, but you might not be able to stop them from surprising you . .
surprised and irritated, he was surprised and surprised .. . irritates the irri
think it's a risk to compete in a competitive market . competitors are pushed to think outside the box
are trying to push themselves to the limits and push themselves harder to compete. They are thinking about pushing themselves harder and risking
think they are pushing themselves to compete harder than they think they can. They are putting themselves at risk by competing harder.
think it's a good idea to push your enemies to the limit to compete against each other . competitors are pushing
think it's time to push back the risk of death while competing . a man thinks he's
man eating food in a stall of a bathroom. He sits on a toilet and eats food
toilets sit in a stall in the bathroom of a public bathroom. The toilets are placed on a
stalls of raced toilets sit on a track in a bathroom. Toilets are racing on the track
woman sits in a toilet at a stall in the bathroom of a hotel. The toilet is a
stalls of toilets sit in a public bathroom of a building. Toilets are in the public bathroom.
people buy tickets to the event and park them in a parking lot. They are buying seats at the event. .
people buy tickets for a show and sit in the seats during the event . ..a man buys tickets
people buy seats in the auditorium for an event . ..auditorium seats are available for purchase at
people buy tickets for events and movies. They are buying seats for a movie. Tickets for the event. ..
people buying tickets in the rest of the area before the event . people buy their tickets and rest of their seats .
space is open to merchants and traffic in a mall . ..a mall is a shopping mall with
commercial space is open to pedestrian traffic and merchants . . commercial space has been opened to traffic for business .
merchants open a store in a space that was previously closed to traffic . The space is now open to merchant
space is open for sale by a merchant . a space for sale in a shopping mall . merchants
merchants selling goods in a space that is open to traffic. The space is open for merchants to sell their goods
newlyweds begin the process of copulating their babies . ..a couple begins to copulate their
newlyweds begin copulating odors after their marriage . a couple copulates before their marriage
newlyweds begin the process of copulating to begin their marriage . the copulation begins with sadness .
copulates the newlyweds as they begin the process of copulating their marriage . . copul
newlyweds begin to copulate and begin ejaculating after their marriage . copulating as they
planets are writing to the sun . . the sun is the largest planet in the solar system . planets
sun is the largest planet in the universe . . planets and stars are the largest and largest planets in the
planets in outer space with a sun . . the sun is the largest planet in the solar system .
planets and sun in outer space . . planets in outerspace . the sun is the largest planet in
planets are in orbit around the sun . . planets orbiting the sun in a spiral orbit .
a group of people are talking and having a concert. They are all talking and working together. The group is having
group of people working together talking and coughing. They are talking and working together. They talk and work together. The group
group of people are talking about ideas and sharing work. They are sharing ideas and working together on a project. The group
group of people are talking and speaking and working together. They are working together and talking and talking. The group is talking and
group of people are talking and sneezing as they work on a project. They are all talking and
fists lead a man punching a woman in the face. The emotion of the punching man is
woman leads a punching match with emotion as she hits a man in the face. The emotion of the punching
boxing gloves lead to a lot of emotion as he punches a man in the face. Boxing
woman leads a punching match with emotion and anger . a man punches someone in the face .
man leads a punching man with his hands in emotion. He leads the punches with his fists
tried to keep things different and keep things interesting . i kept trying to do things differently . but kept on trying
tried to keep a few things to try and keep them from happening . i kept a list of things to
tried to keep things from being too expensive . i also suggest keeping things from becoming too expensive to keep ..
try to keep things simple and keep it simple . Keeping things simple is the only thing i can do .
tried a few things and kept on trying them . i kept a note of things to keep in mind 
sharks caught in a pool and found in the halls . . sharks are caught in the pool 
sharks are catching tomales in a bay . . sharks found in the bay after a
sharks caught and found in the marine museum . the museum is a museum dedicated to marine conservation . a
fisherman finds a shark during a business catch . sharks are caught and released into the sea .
sharks are caught and found in the desert . ..a shark is found after being caught by a man
man finds a poker chip in a supermarket. He is playing a game of poker. How to find poker chips
find a stack of poker chips in a pantry . Find the best poker chips at the poker table . find
find a motherboard with chips for a poker game. The motherboard has a chip for each of the poker games.
poker player finds a bar of chips and chips to play poker. A man is trying to find a pair of chips
poker player finds a bar of chips and chips to play poker. A man is trying to find a pair of chips
a girl is having fun dancing down the stairs and falling to the ground. She is having a lot of fun. She
had a lot of fun dancing on a trip .. . a girl had fun with a 
and a little girl are having fun dancing down the stairs and falling into a pool. It was a lot of
kids are having fun dancing around the room. They are having a lot of fun and moving around.. ..
have fun and dance to celebrate the new year . .. a group of people are having fun and celebrating the
fiddles and bass obtained from a jazz band . a man plays the bass fiddle in a band
fiddles obtain strings for the bass of a quartet. The bass is played by a man. The fiddle
a group of musicians obtain a bass fiddle and a fiddle. They play the fiddle in a
fiddle and bass in a nursery obtaining a rhyme from the bass . fiddle with bass in the nursery
fiddles are used to obtain music on the bass and store it on the fiddle. The bass is used to store
disabled person makes a living by doing tasks that make him or her mentally challenged. This is a mental task that makes
disabled person has to make a choice about what task he wants to do . a person with a disability
disabled person has a lot of space and lots of tasks to do. This makes a big difference in the quality of
disabled person makes a meal out of the food he is hungry . a person is made to do a
person acknowledges their disability and makes a task of acknowledging it. This is a simple task to make a
children playing games for the purpose of winning a game. The purpose of playing games is to have fun and have fun.
children are playing games for the purpose of learning. . a child is playing games with a purpose. playing games
children playing games and losing the purpose of the game. They are playing games for the sake of playing games. . 
children are playing games for the purpose of fatigue. They are tired of playing games. . a child is playing games
children are playing games for the purpose of learning a new skill. . a child is playing a game of
people receive the guilt of killing people for reasons they don't understand . the reason why they started killing people .
man receives a sentence to kill and starts killing people for no reason . he started killing people after receiving 
received a terrible reason to start killing people . . people started killing people for no reason at all . the
people receive encouragement to start killing people for reasons they don't understand . . people start killing each other for reasons
people start killing people because they received no reason to kill them. The reason is that they wanted to receive a reward for
surprised by a sudden burst of joy and laughter . ..a sense of wonder and surprise .
surprised by the sense of humor he had during the fight . a man laughs as he is surprised by
frightened and surprised by a sudden sense of surprise and laughter . a woman laughs and surprises her
surprised by their sense of humor, they laughed and surprised each other. They were surprised to find out that they were surprised by
surprised by a sudden burst of laughter and a sense of surprise . a woman laughs as she
soccer players play a variety of games on a soccer field in a town. ..a town is 
children playing soccer on a field with a variety of equipment on the beach. There are many different varieties of soccer being
kids playing soccer on a field with a variety of grasses and trees in a park. They are playing
kids playing soccer on a field near a variety of fields. There are many different varieties of soccer that can be played
kids playing soccer on a grassy field with a variety of different types of grasses. Kids playing soccer outside
cafeteria in a school with a high school in the background. This is a typical school with cafet
canteen in the cafeteria of a school. The school has a canteen next to a cafet
cafeteria in a school at polytechnic . school is a large school with a lot of students
cafeteria in a large room at a school. This is the largest room in the school. The cafet
kinds of cafeteria in a school . . school has a number of different kinds of school cafet
judge considers knowledge and objectivity when judging a case. . a judge is judged based on
judge yourself by the knowledge you have gained from knowing yourself . judging yourself is not a good way to judge yourself
judge considers knowledge and experience when judging a case. . a judge is judged on the basis of
judged ignorance by considering knowledge . judging ignorance is a way of judging . ignorance is not a
judge considers knowledge before judging a case . introduction to judging in a classroom . a judge
stayed in shape for hours sweating and getting in shape . ..i got in shape by staying in shape
a group of people are staying in shape by doing excercises for an hour . to get in shape
work out to get in shape and stay in shape for an hour or so . ..a woman stays in shape
stayed in shape for an hour and a half with this video . how to get in shape . get in
get in shape and stay in shape for an hour by swimming .. . Getting in shape by staying in shape
kids have fun having fun spontaneously .. having fun with friends and family . . have fun and have fun
people have fun and stop working to have fun. They are having fun while working. They have fun while having fun. 
have fun and pay for it . have fun for free . pay for fun and have fun with your friends .
like to have fun and have fun . i like having fun and having fun at the same time .. 
do have fun and enjoy it . . have fun having fun and having fun . do not forget to have fun
salesman traveling to work in chicago . a salesman is working on a new product for a
salesman gets fired after he gets fired for his work. ..a salesman is getting fired from his job
salesman working on a book. A salesman is working on books. ..a salesman works on books
salesman working to sell products. A salesman works to sell the products. . a salesman is working to
salesman working on a new account . a salesman is working with a client on account service .
jogging affects self esteem . i feel better about myself after going for a run .
jogging affects self esteem and self pride . a woman feels good about herself after going for 
jogging affects self esteem . a woman jogs in a park and sweats
jogging in the ocean affects self esteem . a woman jogs on a beach
jogging can affect self esteem . arthritis is a common condition that affects people with arthritis .
crowds of people stand in line to find a bus at the bus depot ... people are standing in line
people stand in a line to find the end of the line . . people are standing at the end .
crowds of people stand in line to find a seat at the opera. People are standing in a long line to
people standing in a line to find their neighbor's house. People are standing in front of a house. They
crowds of people stand in line to find a meeting . . people are standing in a long line to
oath committing perjury to commit a crime . a man is convicted of committing
judge is committing perjury after violating his oath of respect . a judge commits per
a man is embarrassed after committing perjury after swearing an oath of allegi
committing perjury by lying under an oath . a man lies on a bench .
man committing perjury under an oath in an indictment . a man commits per
find the meaning of ficus in a dictionary . . find a definition of the word in the dictionary
ficus finds its meaning in a small apartment . . find the meaning of the word . in the
ficus is found in a libary with meaning . . find the meaning of the word in the
ficus can be found in the middle of the east . the meaning of this tree is found . in the
ficus found in an arboretum with meaning . ..ficus is a species of tree
people are buying products to pay off their debts. They are buying debt to buy products. . debt is a
are buying products to boost the economy . economic boom is a good time to buy products . . buying products
are able to buy a variety of products . . being used to buying a product and being able
people are buying products and having disagreements about what they want to buy. Some people are arguing about what products to buy
people are buying and selling products in a trading stall. They are trading products and buying products.. . 
kitchens are intended for large buildings in a city . the city is a large city with a lot of
kitchens are intended to be used in small buildings . a small kitchen in a building designed by architect .
people intend to eat cake in the kitchen of a building designed by architect . . the building is a
kitchens in a building intended for a university . the design of a kitchen in the new building .
building intends to have a kitchen in each of the buildings . . kitchens in buildings in the town 
type of animal comes out and flies with its tails . the tails of the animals come out and fly
type of animal comes out of a cave and flies away with its bones . . animals come out of
type of animal comes out of its eyes and flies away. This is a type of flying animal. .
type of animal comes out and flies with its heads up .. . a bird comes out of the
type of animal comes out and flies over the bodies of other animals . . type of animals come out and
child pretends to understand what people are saying . a child is pretending to be a human being .
child pretends to understand what he is feeling during daydreams . a child is pretending to be 
child pretending to understand transcendentalism . a child pretends to understand the meaning of the word ..
child pretends to understand what he is feeling and pretending to feel. The child is laughing and smiling and pretends
child pretending to understand religion . a child pretends to be christian . child is pretending
lake in the state of michigan on a sunny day . . michigan is one of the largest lakes in
lake in new york . . new york city is a beautiful place to visit . lake in the city 
lake in new york . . new york city is a beautiful place to visit . lake in the city 
lake and mountains in the distance . . mountains and a lake in the mountains . the mountains and the lake
a lake in the countryside . . countryside with a waterfall . the lake is surrounded by mountains and
need to juice grapes in a field for a birthday party . i need some grapes for the party
juice and grapes are all you need for a party at a restaurant . i need this for my birthday
need to make a salad with grapes and juice for a party . i need this for my birthday party
grapes need to be juicing for a party . i need some juice for my birthday party 
food and juice you need for your party at the grocery store . i need grapes for my birthday party .
people believe in gods and passports in a remote location . . people believe that gods are the only
group of people smoke marijuana at a location with their passports. Some people are smoking marijuana in a public park.
people desire a passport to travel to a foreign location . . people desire to travel around the world .
people are using their passports to travel to a location where they can use weapons . . people use their passport
people throw away their passports at a location . ..a city is one of the most popular tourist attractions
tree forming an apple tree in the south of africa . apple trees in the form of a palm tree .
apple trees in the sunshine forming a shape of an apple tree . . apple tree in the form of 
apple tree in the form of a tree in new york city . apple trees form a grove of trees 
apple blossoms on a tree in the form of an apple tree . Apples are forming on the branches of
apples on a tree forming a trunk . apple tree . the trunk of an apple tree is a
nightclub in the area of manhattan . ..a nightclub is one of the most popular night
young people are dancing and drinking in the area of a nightclub. People are drinking and dancing at nightclubs.
nightclubs in the area are selling alcohol. The area is a popular nightclub for drinking alcohol. ..
nightclub in a major area of a city ..a city is one of the largest nightclubs in
nightclub in the downtown area of the city . The area is known as the nightclub district . the area is
machines fail to work for human beings . ..a machine is unable to work without human intervention .
human performs the work of a machine. Humans work on the machine and perform other tasks. Machines are performing
answering machines are answering questions from human beings. Humans are answering the questions of machines.
man working on a machine and seeing a human working on it. Humans are seen working on the machine. Machine
flying machines with human beings on them. The machine is a flying machine. Humans are flying on the machine.
police officer stops a dead body from moving. The man is dead. He is not moving. A man is stopped dead
truck stopped at a dead stop while working on a highway. The truck was stopped by a police officer. The
man stops breathing and then stops breathing again. The man is dead. He is dead, and he has stopped breathing.
police officer stops a man who is dead and stops him from breathing. The man is dead, but he is alive
man stops a train at a deadworks in the city. He is dead. He has been shot dead. The
linens need a place in the closet of a house . . linens in a closet need 
linens need a place in the closet at home . a closet is the place to put all your linens
linens need a place in the closet of a house with a pool . . linens in the
linens need to be placed in a closet in the hallway . linens and towels need a place in the
linens need a place in a closet in the master bedroom . a linen closet is a great place
skaters are in action and rocking out to the music. The music is a combination of action and music.
listen to action music and rock music during the sport . ..a man listens to action and action music during
rock and action music from opera and rock and roll . music from the opera and sport . action and rock music in
rock and action music from opera and rock and roll . music from the opera and sport . action and rock music in
young man relaxes with music and sports action while rocking out to the rock music ..he is in action
mouse is found in a kitchen of country . . mouse found in the kitchen of a . kitchen 
mouse is used to find recipes for cooking in the country . . cooks find recipes using a mouse .
mouse in a lab trying to find a country on a computer. Researchers are trying to figure out what country is
a mouse finds its way into an old barn in country . ..a mouse is found in a barn
researchers have found a new species of mouse during research in a laboratory in country . . Researchers have found that
brown and white bird at home in a forest . . bird in the forest on a sunny day .
a bird nesting in a home . a nest of a red buddhist monk
bird on the roof of a home . . bird on a roof . home of the king 
brown bird at home in the leaves on a sunny day. Birds in a tree near a home .
blue sky and a bird at home . . bird in the sky with a cloudy sky . birds
eat hamburgers and suffer hunger on a hot day . .. a man suffers from hunger and
suffer from hunger after eating breakfast on a cloudy day. . a woman suffers from hunger and lack of
suffer from hunger after opening a fridge on a rainy day. . a man suffers from hunger and
children are suffering from hunger after buying food on a rainy day. . a man buys food for the
cooks a meal for people suffering from hunger on a hot summer day. . a woman suffers from
a pen may express information that may disagree with information written on a pencil . expressing disagreement with information in 
girl expresses information with a pen and pencil close to her mouth. She closes her eyes and closes the
man expresses information by writing down information with a pencil and a pen. He writes down information and expresse
people are talking and expressing information with pencils and pens. They are expressing their thoughts and ideas with information.
girl expresses information with a pen and pencil . expressing information with her eyes . pencils .
i feel like everyone is looking for a monster . i love the feeling of being chased by a
feel the fear of the monster that everyone is afraid of . . everyone feels the same way about the monster .
feel good about the monsters . everyone feels good about it . i feel good at being a monster 
make everyone feel like a monster when they pet him . . everyone makes a pet of the monster .
everyone feels the same way about monsters . . everyone feels different about them .. everyone has a different
woman examines a thing before buying it. She is buying a new thing. They are examining things. She
examine the things you want to learn about . . things to learn when you are examining a book .
woman examines a thing before buying it. She is buying a new thing. They are examining things. She
woman examines a complex of things and then examines them. Then she examines the things. She examines
woman examines things that are interesting to her. She is interested in things that she finds interesting. Things to examine .
young people have fun drinking alcohol and have fun with it. They have fun while drinking alcohol. They are having fun. They
lead to alcohol intoxication after drinking alcohol . . drinking alcohol can lead to a number of health problems 
lead to vomiting after drinking alcohol . . drinking alcohol can lead to gastrointestinal problems . vomiting can be caused by
young people are drinking more alcohol than ever before and leading to more problems. Drinking more alcohol leads to more drinking and more
drinking alcohol can lead to nausea and headaches . Drinking alcohol can also lead to gastrointestinal problems . drinking alcohol
clarinets and bass playing in a wooded house listening to opera. A man plays the bass clarine
clarinets and bass playing in a band at a school. Students hear the music on the woods.
a clarinet and bass in a store hearing music on a wooded bass. This is a
clarinets and bass in a wooded orchestra hear a sound of wood. The bass is a
clarinet and bass playing in a bathroom with a stall and a wooden bass. Clarinets
a little bit of everything is much more than the opposite of what you would expect . a lot of things are
has plenty of little things on the opposite side of the building . There are plenty of things to do and plenty of places
is a little more of the opposite of a lot of little things . ..a little bit of everything
a little girl and a big boy opposite each other in a room with a lot of little things on it
a lot of little things on the opposite side of a building. There are lots of big things and lots of little
wizard wishes a princess to be pure and clean . . the princess is dirty and wishing a happy birthday
wizard wishes a princess to be pure and tarnished .. . a tainted
wizard wishes to corrupt a princess to pureness . . the princess is corrupted and wishes to be pure
wizard wishes a princess to be pure and uncontaminated . . the princess is contaminated with a contaminated
wizard applied a wish to a princess . . the wizard wishes that the princess was pure .. 
piece of paper and a lot of money in a notebook. ..a piece of money and lots of paper
copying a lot of money with a piece of paper on a machine. There are lots of pieces of paper
piece of paper with a lot of money on it and a certificate of deposit. There are lots of pieces of paper
a ream of paper with a lot of money on it. There are pieces of money in the re
thumb drives a piece of paper with a lot of money on it. This is a picture of a man
hunter hears the sound of the wind and is in motion while being hunted in the snowy winter .
hunter hears a motion in the silence of winter . motion of motion and motion in silence . .
hunter hears a sound in slow motion while stationary in the snow in winter . ..a wolf
hunter hears motion in the stillness of winter . motion of motion and stillness . a hunter
hunter standing still and listening to the sound of the wind in the winter . he hears the sounds of the
woman listens to a radio in the trunk of a car. She is talking and talking to her daughter. She
woman listens to a radio in a car in the bedroom. She is talking and listening to music. The car
man listens to a radio in a car at a diner. He is talking to someone in the car
man listens to the radio of a space shuttle in a car in space. The shuttle is talking to a
woman listens to a radio in a shop. She is talking to someone on the radio. They are talking to
astronaut looks out over a diverse world from space . . astronauts look out into space to see the world 
astronauts look out into space and look out over the world . . astronauts are looking around the world from space
astronaut looks out over the square of the world from space. The square is the largest square in the world. The world is
astronaut looks out over the world from space in orange . . astronauts look out into space and look out to the
astronauts look at the world from space . The world is a complicated place to live . . astronauts
living room with a big fireplace in the living room of the house . the fireplace is a great place to place
train placed next to a fireplace in a house. . a train is placed in front of the fireplace.
log cabin with a fireplace in the middle of the house . a place to put a fire . place
living room with a fireplace in the living room and a place for a table and chairs. This is a
a home with a fireplace in the living room of the house . a place to put a fire in
cat finds a way out of trouble in a strange place. . a cat is in trouble at a
cat finds a dog's mouth and places it in its mouth. The dog is unable to find it. The
cat finds a place to rest in the backyard .. . a cat is found hiding in a tree
cat finds a new place in nature . a place of worship . nature is a magical place .
cat finds a new place to call home . a place where he can find a safe place .
number of places to find kosher food in los angeles and california . find 
kosher deli in a food court where you can find a number of different types of food . 
kosher deli in the city of new york where you can find a number of delis . 
kosher and jewish delis can be found at any number of places in the community . .
kosher and jewish delis can be found in a number of neighborhoods . . find 
people buying food at a market. They are going to buy food at the market. ..a woman is going
go to a market to see what other people are doing. Some people are going to see other people. Others are going
woman is buying vegetables at the market. She is going to the market to buy them.. ..a woman is
pigs are going to the market to buy fat. A pig is going to be bought at a market.
woman is going to a market on her way to the airport . she is traveling to the market . .
discover the truth and fear of cancer . the truth about cancer is the only way to conquer the fear of the disease 
discovers the truth about cancer and the pain it causes . . discover the truth and the fear of cancer .
discover the truth about cancer and happiness . . the truth is that there is no such thing as a cancer 
discover the truth and relief from the fear of cancer . Discovering the truth is the only way to find the truth 
discovered the truth about cancer and fear . . the truth is that cancer is not as boring as you think it is
kids are having fun having fun and feeling good . i am smiling and having fun ..i am having fun
feeling of having fun and having fun is a great feeling to have . . pleasure is having fun . having
are having fun and not feeling like they are hurting . i am having fun having fun with my friends .
feeling like having fun and not having any injuries at all . ..i had a lot of fun having fun
kids have fun having fun and feeling a little bit of laughter. They are having a lot of fun. .
crumbs on a table at a conference . ..crumbs on the table . at the conference 
crumbs on a table in a neighbor's house. . a crow's nest of
crumbs and crumbs on a rug on the table . . crumbs on the rug . on
crumbs on a table with a net on it. The table is covered in crumbs. The nets are
crumbs on a table in a living room. Crumbs and cards on the table next to a
unable to work because he believes he is dying . a woman is believed to be the only one who
believe in the miracle of being born again after dying .. . i believe that i will be born again
believe that the color of dying is a change in nature . i believe that dying is the only way to change
believe that the dead are still alive and that they are not dead . a man is believed to be dying .
no longer believe that there is a world that exists . .. a man is dying and no longer believes
wiped out the love in the surf .. . i love the surf but hate the waves and hate the
i love the way you surf and love yourself . i can't wait to get out and enjoy the waves
and a girl fighting in the surf for love . . love starts a new chapter in their lives .
i love getting wet on the beach . i would love to get out and surf . but i
love to drown in the surf .. . i love this picture of a girl drowning in the ocean
guy gives his brother a key to the front door of his home . . guy gives the keys to his home
guy gives his brother the key to his home and turns it over. He turns the key. He gives it to his brother
guy gives a solution to a problem to his brother at home . . guy gives the key to his home
guy gives his brother a key to his home and installs it. The guy installs the locks and gives it to
guy gives a key to his brother to open the doors at home . . guy gives the keys to his home
mammoth in a boscage .. . a teddy bear and 
mammoths in a forest .. a teddy bear in the forest with a
mammoths in prehistory were the largest mammals in the world at the time . . mamm
a mammoth in prehistoric times . a teddy bear is a large mamm
mammoths in ancient times . . ancient times were the times of the earliest mammals . the
people feel the pain of being killed by a murderer in a church . murderer feels guilty for killing people
murderer feels remorse for killing people in a church . he felt he had to kill
murderer feels guilty for killing people in a church . . religious leader feels guilty after killing people at a
feel retaliation for killing people in a church . .. a murderer feels he
feel anguish after a murderer kills people in a church . .. a man feels
man dies in an attempt to commit suicide . result of a suicide attempt . a man tries to
man tries to commit suicide after a failed suicide attempt resulted in an interruption . a man is interrupted
man tries to commit suicide and bleeds to death after attempting suicide. The result of his attempt is a
a man tries to commit suicide as a result of hatred . a suicide attempt by a woman 
man tries to commit suicide after a failed suicide attempt and dies. The result is that he is dying.
buying products is a great way to bring joy to your life . . the joy of buying a new product
people are buying products and having disagreements about what they want to buy. Some of the disagreements happen when buying products.
people are in agony about buying products. They are in an agonizing state of buying products . agon
people are buying products for the pleasure of buying them. Buying products is one of the most enjoyable things to do .
people are buying products and owning them. This is what happens when you buy a product. Owning products is what
father and child show appreciation for each other by getting gifts from each other on their birthdays . a child shows appreciation
children are asking for gifts for their father on their birthday .. . a child is getting a birthday present
children are getting gifts and exchanging gifts with their father on their birthdays. The father is getting a gift. The
child says thank you for the gift he got from his father on his birthday . the father said thank you after receiving
child is getting a gift from his father for his birthday. The father is smiling as he receives the gift.
tree stands resting in a grassy area surrounded by green grass. It is a natural resting place for
palm trees stand surrounded by grass in a desert . ..a tree stands in the middle of a
trees stand in a park surrounded by grass and trees. state park is a state park . the park is
fairgrounds surrounded by tall trees and green grass. People stand in the middle of a fairground with a
soccer player stands in a field surrounded by grass and trees. The game is being played on a green grass.
a horse enters a contest at the circus . ..a horse is preparing to enter a
enter a horse in a contest in kentucky . a man enters a race horse
a man enters a contest to win a horse for a western movie . a woman enters
a horse enters a contest at a park in central . ..a horse is entered into 
enter a horse in a contest at a state fair . ..a horse enters a race
snowflakes forming in the form of a cloud . ..a snowflake is a form of
flakes of snow form as a storm approaches . ..a snowflake forms in the snow after a
snowflakes forming a billow of white snowflakes on a snowy day . . billows
snowflakes are forming in the air . ..a snowflake is a form of snowflakes 
snowflakes form during a snowstorm . . snowflakes are forming on the horizon as a storm
power drill is a tool that can be used to fix a broken pipe in the basement . This tool is 
man working on a power drill and fixing tools in a shop. He is fixing a screwdriver. He
man fixing a tool in a shed with power drills and other power tools. ..a man is fixing
power drill is used to fix a broken tool in a repair shop. This is a tool that can be used
tools and power tools are stored in a room next to a power drill. These tools are used to fix a
young woman applying for a job feels like a sort of job and works hard to get it . hard working and
felt a bit of frustration when applying for a job . i felt like i had to sort it out
a woman feels like she has been rejected by job after applying for a job . she felt like she had been rejected
feels like he has lost the job he applied for . i have applied for jobs . but i
felt the stress of applying for a job . i felt like i had to sort out the paperwork .
weasel and chickens in a coop seen by a farmer. Weasels and chicken
weasel on a beach sees a farmer in the woods. Weasels are seen
weasel sees a fairytale in the woods . a farmer and a wea
weasel is a great way to see the woods in the outdoors . a farmer is 
weasel in a field of corn sees a farmer in the woods. Weasels
man picks up a pebble from a skip with a manual . the plan is to skip a
olympic athlete picks up a plan to skip a pebble in a lake . .
pick a pebble to skip over to the aquarium and pick it up later . i have a plan to
pick up pebbles to skip across a pond . ..a man is planning to build a
kids are picking up pebbles to skip in the playground . ..a plan to skip a pebble
are going to be traveling to a new place . i am going to someplace new .. .
exhilarating place to travel to when traveling to a new place . travel to an exotic and exotic place
traveler has diarrhea while traveling to a new place .. . a woman travels from place to place
are traveling to a new place and need to relocate .. a place of worship is a great place to
tired of traveling to a new place every day . . travel is exhausting and can be exhausting .
turkish country located in the middle of the east . turkey is the largest country in the region . located
turkeys are placed in an oven located in a country. The oven is located in the middle of a kitchen.
country located on the peninsula of the balkans . turkey is the largest country in the region . located in the
turkeys are located in a country to provide meat . . turkeys provide meat for a variety of dishes
islamic country located in the asiatic region . turkey is the largest country in the region with a population
woman shopping in a shopping bag at a supermarket. She is shopping in the store. She has a bag of
woman shopping in a shopping bag at a store near her home. She is shopping in the store with a bag
woman shopping in a shopping bag at a mart. She is shopping in the store. She has a bag
woman is shopping in a store with a shopping bag that is weighed down by obesity. She is shopping with her
shopping bags in a closet at a department store. . a woman is shopping with a shopping bag.
kids have fun at the fairgrounds . ..fairgrounds is a great place to have fun 
having fun while watching television. .. watching television is a great way to relax and unwind after a long
are tired of having fun .. i am tired of being tired of all the fun. . a girl
is a great way to have some fun and enjoy some enjoyable time . . is an enjoyable way to spend time
friends are having fun at the house . .. a house is a great place to have fun .
vegans eat vegetables and potatoes on a plate. This is a recipe for vegans and vegetarians .
vegetables and potatoes in a cupboard in the kitchen. . a kitchen with a stove, a fridge,
green vegetables and potatoes in a restaurant. . Several restaurants offer a variety of vegetarian and vegan dishes. 
chicken with vegetables and potatoes on a plate. ..a plate of vegetables and mashed potatoes..so
potatoes and vegetables are a staple in maryland . . the vegetable is one of the most popular vegetables in the
planetarium under a blue sky .. . astronomical observatory in a city with a
blue sky in the outdoors . . the sky is a beautiful blue sky . in the outdoor . outdoors
blue sky with a warm atmosphere . . the atmosphere of a city in the sky with clouds ..
blue sky at night with clouds . .. a stormy night with a cloudy sky and clouds 
photo of a cloudy sky with clouds in it . . photo of clouds in the sky with blue sky 
type of fruit is broken up into sections and slides down the aisle. The fruit is sliced and slid down the
type of fruit with a broken section of citrus on the side . The fruit is a type of citrus .
type of fruit is broken up into sections with a band . . break up the band to reveal different types of
type of orchestra breaking into a section of fruit . The orchestra is breaking into different types of music . .
coconuts are broken up into different types of fruits and coconuts. Each type of fruit is separated into different sections. 
marathoner feels excruciating pain after running twenty six miles . . the pain of running a mile is ex
marathoner feels like a mile after running twenty six miles. . a marathoner runs out of breath after running
marathoner feels like he has run a mile to death after running twenty six miles. . a marathoner
marathoner feels a mile after running twenty six miles. . a marathoner is drunk and feels like he
marathoner feels exhausted after running twenty six miles. . a marathoner runs a mile and feels like he
driver likes to drive a car that rattles on the road. This car is used for transportation. It is 
driver likes the rattle of a car while driving. The car is rooking and emitting pollution.
driving a car with rattles and stress like this one . i like the sound of a rattle .
driving a car with a rattle like the death of a lion . i like the sound of 
driving a car that sounds like a rattle. I like the sound of the car going somewhere. i like the
baby is staying in bed with a cold . .. a girl is staying warm in the bed .
man is staying warm by lighting a fire and staying warm in the cold . . the fire stays lit .
ice cream stays cold in the freezer . ..ice cream is a good way to stay cold .
laying on the ice and staying cold . ice is a good way to stay warm in the cold 
spits out a cold and stays there for a while . . stay away from the cold 
woman advises her partner to copulate intensely for the pleasure of the disease . copulating intensely is 
woman advises her partner to copulate during ejaculation . her partner is advised to do this .
doctor advises resting partners to copulate during the period of disease . a woman is advised to rest during the
woman advises her partner on how to copulate for enjoyment and to avoid disease . a woman copulates for
dermatologist advises partners to avoid copulating skin to avoid irritation . a partner is advised not to copulate
clapping audience at the cinema . ..clapping and cheering from the audience. The audience cla
audience claps in the theatre. ..the audience is clapping at the end of the show.
audience claps during a screening of the movie .. . clapping at the end of the
clap the audience during a show . . the audience clapped and cheered .
audience claps during a game of hockey .. . clapping during the game . audience
balalaikas are played by an orchestra. The musicians are playing a ukulele. The orchestra is
balalaikas playing music in a music store . ..a woman is playing a bala
balalaika is a musical instrument that you can buy and play . . buy a ukul
balalaikas make music on the tarmac . a man makes music with a ukul
balalaika playing in a symphony. . a young man plays the bala
homely clouds are beautiful on a cloudy day . i hope you have a beautiful day with a
overcast day with beautiful clouds and hope for a bright sunny day . a beautiful day with overcast skies and
a beautiful day with beautiful clouds and no hope of rain . the clouds are hideous and beautiful . .
overrated and beautiful day with beautiful clouds . . overrated beauty of a sunny day with overcast skies and
beautiful and misshapen clouds make a beautiful day . i hope this day will be sunny and beautiful .
type of union needs to go off strike to make reasonable demands . unions need to be able to negotiate a
type of union needs to go on strike to demand more money . unions need to go off strike to get more money
type of union is going to go on strike . unions are going to demand that workers go off the job .
type of union needs to go off strike to return to work . unions need to go on strike to demand the return
unions need to go off strike to meet type of demand . unions want to go on strike . .
landscaper creates a stone arch in a park . . landscapers create stone arches in the
landscaper creates a stone arch made from rocks . . landscapers create a natural stone arch from
landscaper creates an arch with stones and balloons. The balloons and stones are used to create an arch in the
landscaper creates a stone arch in a field of stones . . landscapers create stone arches
landscaper creates a bridge with stone arches and stones . . landscapers create a stone arch
wife turns happy after a long marriage drifted into something inappropriate . a man turns to his wife and turns
husband and his wife are drifting in a sea of sadness and happiness . . his wife turned happy and happy
husband and wife turn happy after a long drift of unsatisfaction in their marriage . a man is
husband and wife turned happy after an unfortunate marriage drifted off course . . the wife turned unhappy after a
disenchanted husband turns to his wife as he drifts away from his marriage . his wife is happy and
need a relationship of light in the darkness . i need light in my life . I need light to see
need to lighten the burden of a relationship that can be cumbersome . i need a light to
need a little light on the relationship between obesity and diabetes . .. i need to shed some light on
i need a forceful light in my relationship . i want a relationship with someone who is forceful
i need a relationship to be able to see the light of day . relationship is crucial to a successful
clerks find tickets at a ticket booth during a concert . Ticket booths for the concert. .
people find tickets at a ticket booth inside a concert. They are trying to find tickets for upcoming concerts. They
people find tickets at a ticket booth for a concert or movie at the theater. They are looking for tickets for 
find a ticket at the ticket booth at the venue for a concert . Ticket booths are located at the
people find tickets at a ticket booth in the auditorium for a concert. They are looking for tickets for the concert
superhighway is one of the fastest roads in europe and has the highest speed limit in the world . europe
speed limit on a superhighway in germany . . speed limit in the superhighways of germany
superhighway is an industrialized highway that limits the speed of traffic in a country. It is a superhigh
speed limit on a superhighway in a city . ..a city has a speed limit of
speed limit on a superhighway in america . . speed limits on the highways and superhighways
a trickle of water reveals a stone in the ocean . . The ocean is revealing a
gallbladder reveals a trickle of water from a stone . The water trickles down the stone
water trickles down a stone driveway revealing a waterfall . The water is trickling down the driveway .
a river reveals a bed of stone as it trickles down the river bed . the water reveals the
a creek reveals a bed of stone . The water trickles down a stone wall revealing a
a place where people borrow salt from the water of the ocean . a man borrows salt from a sea
place some salt on the table to borrow from a friend . . borrow a salt from the table .
woman borrows a shaker of salt and places it in a glass jar. Places it on a
borrows salt from a neighbor's house and places it in a jar. The salt is placed in 
fisherman borrows salt from a lake and places it in a jar. The salt is placed in 
astronomers know that the oldest stars in the universe date back to the beginning of the universe . . we know
is the first known date in the infiniverse known . the universe is the only known universe in the universe .
are getting to know each other on their first date in the universe . . the universe is a little bit smaller
is the oldest known date in the universe . the universe is the only known date . in the infinite universe known 
is the first known date in the universe that is known to be real . . the universe is the only one known
spacecraft travels through a galaxy with a meteor over ireland and republic . ..a
meteors travel across the sky and into the galaxy . ..a galaxy is a spiral galaxy with a
meteors travel in an orbit around a galaxy . . The galaxy is surrounded by stars and meteors 
meteors travel through the universe and into the galaxy . ..a galaxy is a galaxy in the universe 
a school of meteors traveling through a galaxy . ..a meteor traveling through the school of stars 
consider the bully to be a ridiculous person to know .. . a bully is a person
a bully considers false information to be a good thing . a person is bullied for not knowing
a bully considers making fun of a person . The bully knows how to make fun of people 
a bully considers a tumor in the brain . a person is bullied by people who don'
rider considers the bully as a person and considers him a bully . The bully is
young people are particularly interested in seeing a program . . the program is a great way to see a
people are interested in seeing the exhibits at the museum . the museum is a place of great historical interest .
young people are interested in playing a game of chess . people see the game as a way to show
woman has an interest in having a conversation with a man . They have an interesting conversation . they have 
young girl is interested in watching a film at the cinema . she is watching the film . . the film
baby keeps a drug in the bathroom at home in a nursery . Keeping a baby in the nursery is
gangsters keep drugs in the bathroom of a home in the ghetto. Drugs are kept
bathroom with a cupboard for keeping drugs in it at home . Keeping drugs in the bathroom is a great way
pharmacy in a home keeping drugs in the bathroom. This is a bathroom with a toilet and a sink.
medicine is kept in a medicine cabinet in the bathroom of a home . a bathroom with a mirror and
rams and sheep are cooking a lot of meat. There are lots of lambs and lots of meat on the
a lot of meat from a lamb and sheep being cooked in a crock pot. There is a
sheep with a lot of meat cooked in a crock pot. The meat is done and ready to go.
rams and sheep are cooking a lot of meat. There are lots of lambs and lots of meat on the
wolf cooks a lot of meat from a sheep. There are lots of wolves and sheep in a
man sits in a chair at the airport and works to a degree. He is working on a computer.
man sits in a chair and works on a degree in the church. He is a priest working on 
woman sits in a chair while working on furniture at a furniture store in degree . ..a man
students sit in a chair and work on their degrees at a university. They are working on their degree at the university
chairs sit in a living room and work at degrees . .. a chair sits in the living room
farmers make use of farmland in the countryside to make their farms . they use the land to make hay and
farmer uses farmland to make a new farm in michigan . a farm is a great way to
dakotas are making use of farmland in the north . a farm is one of the many ways
farmland is a large area of land that is used for farming and other agricultural purposes . a farm is
illinois farmers use farmland to make farms . a farm is one of the best ways to
woman applying for a job and interviewing for the job for cause . a woman is interviewed and offered a
applying for a job based on income and cause . interview . job . a woman applying for job
apply for a job and get rejected during the interview . The reason for the rejection is the cause of the rejection 
woman applying for a job in a hostile environment . hostile interview for job . cause of the interview .
hope to apply for a job and hope to interview for it . i hope to find a good job 
boom in economics has allowed computers to answer a lot of questions . . computers have allowed economic growth .
advance in knowledge allows computers to answer questions in a way that they cannot before . . computers allow us to answer
computers produce a sound that allows them to answer a question .. . a computer allows you to answer
teacher allows students to answer questions on the computer . The computer is a teaching tool that allows them to learn how to
computer allows you to answer questions and allow you to follow instructions. Follow the instructions on the computer to answer a question.
cottages are thought to be haunted by ghosts that have overgrown the mountains . i think this is
haunted cottages in the countryside that have been overgrown . i think they have become a tourist attraction
haunted cottages thought to have been overgrown by a train . i think they have been abandoned and
artist thinks he is haunted by a painting of a cottage overgrown by trees . .
haunted cottages in a village that has overgrown .. . i think this is a
hero depicted as a knight in the middle ages . a hero portraying knights in
knight portraying a hero playing chess on a wooden board. The hero is portrayed as 
knight portraying the hero in a story for kids . . the knight is portrayed as a her
fairy portrays a knight as a hero in a fairy tale . . knight portraying hero
hero depicted as a knight in a castle . hero portraying a hero .
woman carrying a duffel bag to a library in a vehicle. Duffel bags are carried in the vehicle.
woman carrying a duffel bag in transit in a vehicle. Duffel bag is a bag that is carried by
duffel bags are carried by a vehicle at a train station. The bus is carrying a duffel bag.
duffel bags are carried by military vehicles at military barracks . soldiers carry a duffel bag in a
woman carrying a duffel bag in a locker in the living room of a vehicle. Duffel bags are carried
need to smoke if you're stupid. You're not going to be stupid. I'm not stupid.
you need to kill yourself with the smoke . . you need a cigarette to get rid of the smoke.
man needs to roll a joint to get rid of the smoke .. i need to get some smoke out of
need to smoke a cigarette. . i need to get rid of the smoke in my lungs .
lighters need to be refilled with fluid . .. a lighter needs to be filled with a
compete to decide who will win the competition . the winner might be a winner . a woman decides who
compete to decide which is the better choice . a young man decides which of his choices is the best .
compete to decide which of their enemies is the best choice . . competitors decide which choice to make during the competition 
compete to decide who will be the winner and losers . . the winner decides who will win and who will
compete to decide who will win and who will lose the competition . a woman decides which choice to make after losing
airplanes are being used to taxi around the airport. They are being towed by other airplanes. These airplanes
airplanes are used to carry people around the world. People use airplanes to carry cargo. People are using them to carry
airplanes are used to transport cars and airplanes. This is a picture of a car that uses airplanes as
airplanes are parked in a stall. They are used as a tourist attraction. People use airplanes to
pilots use airplanes to crash into a building. The airplanes are used to transport passengers and cargo. The plane
a man is driving a car that lacks fuel. This is what happens when he drives without fuel. 
scratching the paint on a car during a drive .. . a man is driving and scratching
driver is turning the wheels while driving. This is what happens when a car is driving. The wheels are turning while driving
driver wears a tire while driving. This is what happens when the tire wears out. During the drive.
driver is driving in traffic after an accident happened . . accident happened while he was driving on the highway .
body has food falling down on it's stomach . food is falling down onto the body . the body is having
human body is digesting food in the form of food. The body is having a good time digesting the food.
body is having food and gas . . food is being absorbed by the stomach and intestines .
a woman has gained weight by having food in her body . a man is having food to gain weight .
body is not hungry and not having food . i am not hungry because i have food in my stomach .
try to avoid making money by going to work and trying to avoid spending it . . try to make money by working
try to avoid going to work and leaving the home . . Try to avoid work by leaving your home at home 
try to avoid failure by going to work and trying to avoid it . This is how you can avoid failure . 
try to avoid the feeling of malaise while going to work . i tried to avoid it by avoiding it by
try to avoid a bad mood before going to work . i tried to avoid it by trying to avoid going to
man buys a ticket to fly in an airplane and then buys tickets to fly out of the airport . 
passengers fly in and out of an airplane with an order to fly in. The airplane is parked at the airport. The
airplanes fly in order to read a book. The airplanes are flying in the air. An airplane is flying in
airplanes fly in order to add gas to the airplanes . . an airplane adds fuel to a tank
pilots run through checklists before flying into an airplane. The airplane is parked and ready to fly. The plane is
small dog with a fair color of fur and a tan coat. This dog is small and has a
small dog with fur in a basket of different colors and fur . . small dog in the basket with a
small dog with white fur and black hair. The dog has white hair and brown fur. The color of the dog's
small dogs playing a game of color with their fur. A small dog is playing with a ball in a small
small dog with dark brown fur and a bright red color in the sun. This dog is a small dog and has
a drawer full of junk that looks like a bore . i like the way it looks . like 
a garage filled with junk that looks like a bore. I like the way it looks. This garage is full of
caddy likes to haul junk into the bore .. . junk like this is a common sight in the
i like a lot of junk in my bed . i don't like the way it looks .
i like a lot of junk on the television . i don't like all the junk on it 
lion with a sense of timidity and recklessness . a lion is seen as if he
lion with a bellicose attitude and a sense of timidity . The lion has a
lion with a sense of timidity and a defensive attitude. The lion is defensively defending himself against
lion with a sense of timidity and an aggressive attitude. The lion has no sense of fear or aggression.
lion with a dauntless attitude and a sense of timidity. The lion has a 
woman raises a pet snake to feel its weight and feels its weight while resting in a shop. She is
oklahoma natives raise a snake to feel its weight and then raise it to rest . .
snakes feel comfortable resting in a basement . . The snakes are raised to feel safe . the
snakes are raised to feel safe in a bedroom . The snake is raised to rest and feel safe . 
a snake resting on a rock in dreams . i feel like a teddy bear raising
find a place to eat in the area of the city . ..a city is a great place
find a place to eat in the downtown area . ..a good place to find eat to 
find a place to eat in a mall or an area . ..a mall is a great
find a place to eat in a shopping center or area . ..a place for people to 
find a place to eat in the area of your own house . eat at a local restaurant .
students are studying a lot of different subjects and getting lots of fatigue. They are also thinking about a different subject.
teenagers are studying a lot of subjects and thinking about depression .. . i think i have 
best way to study a subject is by thinking about it . . is a great way to learn a
student is studying a lot of different subjects and weighing lots of different weights. He is also thinking about a
have a lot of knowledge and are thinking about the subject .. . a woman is studying a subject
think about how to communicate with people . how to think and communicate with others . what to do if you want
people are talking to each other and communicating with each other. People are talking and communicating in a room. They are talking
people are talking to each other and communicating with each other. They are communicating by talking. People are talking and communicating to each
young people are speaking out to communicate with each other. They are out to speak to each other in a group .
a man sends an email to communicate with his wife . . send an email . to communicate .
friends chatting and trusting each other during a fever . . friends are chatting with each other in 
chatting with friends and trusting each other over a pipe of smoke. . a group of friends chatting
friends are laughing and chatting with each other. They are chatting and trusting each other .. . 
friends are chatting and trusting each other while they are coughing.. . a friend is coughing and
chatting with friends and liars and trusting each other . a girl lies to her friend and
girl eats a cake with money coming out of her mouth . fortunes come out of the cake .
fortune cookies come in the form of money . . fortune cookies . come in a box of fortunes 
money comes in from the stock market to make fortunes . . fortunes come in the form of stocks .
a fortune comes from investing in real estate . ..a fortune is coming to you in real money .
fortunes come from a chest of treasures and money . . fortunes and fortunes . come from
cargo of animals is being carried by a ship. The cargo is a cargo of pigs and other animals.
are my favorite animals . . my favorite animal is a giraffe . this is one of my
a group of animals living in an ecosystem . . animals in a zoo . an ecosystem
are the animals of nature . . animals in the wild . nature is a beautiful place to be .
animals and their habitats in the ecology . . animals are a part of the natural environment . they are
things to buy in a shop in the basement . . buy things in the shop . the basement is 
things to buy in a cardboard box at a shop . . cardboard is the most common material for buying things
things to buy on the first floor of a shop by the ocean . the shop is a great place to buy
girl buys things from a shop at high school. ..a girl is in high school and is studying at
woman buys things from a container in a shop. She is buying things from the container. This is a
i had a heartburn after eating meat for breakfast . i have an issue with my digestion and heartburn
overeating meat for breakfast is a major issue for people with digestive issues . eating too much meat is an issue
eat meat for breakfast and have no issues with digestion . eating meat is a sign of happiness . .
eating a breakfast of meat and having an issue with digestion . i was satisfied after eating meat for breakfast .
eating breakfast is a big issue for digestion and gain of energy . eating meat for breakfast can cause weight gain .
scapegoats a prisoner after he was sentenced to a life sentence in jail . 
prisoner is a prisoner of dreams and is sentenced to a sentence of freedom . . prisoner
hairdresser becomes a prisoner after being sentenced to a life sentence . the prisoner is a
prisoner tries to escape a sentence . prisoner is attempting to escape after being sentenced to a
prisoner is sentenced to do time in prison . . prisoner does time in jail . the prisoner
help me remember the past by phoning . .. i enjoyed a lot of time spent phon
can help you remember the past and enjoy the nostalgia of the present . . nostalgia helps you enjoy the past .
helped me remember the past . i enjoyed writing this poem . it helped me to remember a lot .
can help you remember the past while you are active . . helps you remember what you did in the past .
can help you remember the past and enjoy the present . preparing yourself for the future by being prepared for the past 
bird watching with binoculars in the sky during vacation . . bird watching in a forest on a
bird watching with binoculars during vaccation . bird watching during a vacation . ..
bird watching with binoculars in a forest on vacation . . bird watching in the forest on a
bird watching with binoculars in the countryside during vacation . . bird watching in a forest on a
bird watching from a binocular on a roof during a vacation . bird watching on the roof .
rosebush is one of the most common plants found in gardens . kew gardens include a variety of varieties
variety of rosebush is found in the garden of the conservatory . this plant includes a variety of varieties of
find a variety of rosebush to plant in your backyard . include a few varieties of . .
find a variety of rosebush in a plant shop . . includes a wide variety of orchids
a variety of rosebush is a beautiful plant to include in a garden . . includes a
pink rosebush in a pot . . roses and a lily in the garden .
rosebush in a museum . . roses and ivy on a sunny day .
rosebush in the center of a garden . . roses and a fern in the garden 
rosebush in a formal garden . . formal roses and ivy in the garden with 
rosebush growing in a backyard . . roses and bushes in the yard . in the backyard
feel like a person is important to me . i feel like you are an important person in my life .
a person trusts himself more than any other person in the world . he is the only person he trust
a person owns a house . a man is the only person who owns it . each person
person in a circuit of electrical equipment . a person is in an electrical circuit . electrical circuit of a
person knows what time of the year it is . . what time is it ? what time does it take to
cat knows how to use its whiskers . a cat knows what to do with them . cats know how to
cat knows how to sharpen its teeth .. . a cat knows what to do with sharp teeth. 
cat knows how to purr .. . a cat knows what to do when he hears a
black cat with four legs knows what he is doing. The cat knows what it is doing and knows what to do.
cat knows how to keep its claws sharp . a cat knows what to do with its sharp claws .
apartment looking out of the landing of a building. I know it's a small apartment but I don't
passengers disembark from a plane and look out of a window to know what's going on.
woman looking out of a window in the landing of the stairwell. She knows what she is looking at. She
man looks out of the window as he deplanes. He knows what he is looking at. A man
man is looking out of the window of an airport and knows what he is doing. He knows what is going on.
dogs are found outside a house . a dog is found in the yard . dog found outside the house 
faithful dog finds a new home in the house . ..a dog is a dog that is loyal to
dog is found to be frightening in a house . . dogs find it difficult to get out of the house 
dog finds a warm place in a cold house. Dogs are frolicking and trying to find food.
dog finds its legs in a house with four other dogs. Three dogs are in the house. Three of them are 
tweed clothing looks like a scotland from brand . scottish clothing made from 
tweed looks like a brown fabric . a brand of clothing made from a blend of cotton and 
tweed looks like a fabric from a brand in a clothing store . brand of clothing . 
brand of tweed looking like fabric in a fabric store . ..tweed looks like clothing .
eddie bauer looks like a tweed in fabric from the brand . .. 
grapes in a winery on a sunny day. The winery is surrounded by vineyards and vineyards
ripe grapes stand next to a bunch of fruit .. . grapes and other fruits .
grapes growing in a field . ..a field of red grapes in the summer . grapes
ripe grapes in a kitchen . . grapes on a plate in the kitchen.. 
grapes are a good source of protein in food . This is a healthy food that is rich in vitamins and
man grabs a rock from a cliff and climbs down. A man climbs the rock and grabs
man climbs down a cliff and looks down at the rocks. He looks up and looks up. He climbs
climber throws rocks at a cliff . . climbers are throwing rocks at each other as they climb
man climbs a rock before falling off a cliff. ..a man is falling off the cliff
climbers may fall off a cliff and fall off the rock . ..a man may fall from the
hose and compressor are needed for a shed in the garden . i need a new shed for my garden
hoses are needed for a compressor in a hardware store . . hardware store has everything you need for
hoses for a brothel needing a compressor. This is what a hose looks like.
hose and compressor in a garage needing to be replaced. Need a hose for a new compressor.
hoses and compressors are needed for a greenhouse . . greenhouse needs a new compressor ..
ophthalmologist closes his eyes and plays music. Music is playing in the coma. The patient is
young girl playing music close to her eyes while enjoying the music. The music is enjoyable. Close up of a young girl
young girl closes her eyes and plays soothing music. The music is playing in the background as she closes his eyes.
young girl closes her eyes as music plays in the background . music is playing in the universal eye . .
girl closes her eyes and plays music to make her feel good or bad. The music plays in the background as she close
truss and beams are being set up for new framing under construction . . new tru
trusses and beams are set into the framing of a warehouse. The beams and tru
truss is driving a beam into the framing . The beams are driven by a 
trusses and beams are set into the ceiling to create a dramatic effect . the ceiling is framed
truss and beams are set into the frame of a bridge . . beams and tru
hard disks are used to store information on a computer. They are used as a way to store data on 
disks are used to store information on a computer. They are used as a way to store data on the computer
hard disks are used to store information on the hard drive of a computer. They are used as a storage device
cd player with information on the disks in a store. This is the information on a disk .
computer mouse with information stored on a disk and usb. ..a usb is a device that stores
